You’re not often able to see mountains and sand dunes, forests and canyons, waterfalls and geological areas all in one place. Alamosa, Colorado, is at the crux of wild landscapes that invite visitors to tap into nature. This place enchants with starry skies and pristine wildlife, enticing nature lovers from around the world. Explore the largest alpine valley in the world, take on off-the-beaten-path adventures and make road-side stops at attractions that are as unique as the landscape.

Great Sand Dunes National Park and PreserveShifting dunes reach sky-ward against the rugged peaks of the Sangre de Cristo Mountains.Great Sand Dunes National Park and Preservehas the tallest sand dunes in North America. Here, you can make your own adventure and strike out on a new path. There are no designated trails on the dunes, and the park encompasses forests, cottonwood groves and mountains. Local outfitters can supply you with sand sled and sandboard rentals and the ranger station holds various events throughout the year. Hike Mosca Pass for the chance to see local wildlife or, if you want a challenge, climb the tallest dune in North America, Star Dune. And don’t forget your camera; the dunes are a dramatic backdrop for photo ops.Undiscovered AdventuresAlamosa’s unique landscape has inspired playful attractions that are fun for all ages. Travel through scenic mountain valley passes and historic western towns on the Rio Grande Scenic Railroad excursion train ride. The train recalls the golden age of railroads and shows off a side ofColoradothat many do not experience. For a surprising experience, check out Colorado Gators Reptile Park. It might seem a little out of place, but it’s an important animal refuge for reptiles. Learn about alligators, snakes, tortoises and lizards and find out how the refuge started. If you truly want to seek out the undiscovered, consider climbing the UFO Watchtower. Whether or not you spot a spaceship, the observation platform provides a 360-degree view of the San Luis Valley.Landscapes like Nowhere ElseNature-lovers can’t pass up the chance to hike, bike, fish, camp and explore in this ecologically unique landscape. Climb into the alcove that houses Zapata Falls and feel the temperature around you drop. Visit in the winter to see the falls completely frozen into solid ice. For a meditative experience, walk the Stations of the Cross, an outdoor art instillation of bronze sculptures by artist Huberto Maestas. Take a break from the mountains in the Alamosa National Wildlife Refuge, a nutrient-rich wetland that draws tens of thousands of migratory birds throughout the year. Topping off the wilderness adventures is the sprawling Rio Grande National Forest. It’s comprised of nearly 2 million acres with snowy mountain peaks, deserts, rivers and sub-alpine lakes. Visit in the fall for smaller crowds and colorful fall foliage.