Bisected by the mighty Rio Grande River and set in the shadow of the pink-hued Sandia Mountains, this high-altitude city of more than a half million people is New Mexico’s largest. There's a distinctive Southwestern cultural flair and culinary scene, thanks to its history as the home of Native American tribes for thousands of years and later as an 18th century Spanish colony. With 310 days of sunshine a year and stunning desert and mountain scenery, it’s an outdoor playground for all seasons.

Albuquerque’s Historic CenterFounded in 1706, Old Town is the historical and cultural heart of Albuquerque. Take a seat in the middle of the square and admire the Pueblo-style buildings with their contoured adobe walls, flat roofs, beams and small arches. Marvel at the architecture of the San Felipe de Neri Church, the city’s oldest. Wander over to the Albuquerque Museum of Art and History to put it all in context, then browse at more than 100 locally owned shops and galleries, where you can buy New Mexican art, religious artifacts and native crafts.Authentic AttractionsCultural, natural and urban attractions abound in Albuquerque’s diverse neighborhoods. For a peek into native cultures, visit the Indian Pueblo Cultural Center or the Petroglyph National Monument to see ancient designs and symbols that were carved onto volcanic rocks long ago. Albuquerque’s techie heritage (Microsoft was born here in 1975) is evident at both the New Mexico Museum of Natural History and Science and the National Museum of Nuclear Science & History. Wildlife lovers can see animals at the ABQ BioPark or at the Sevilleta National Wildlife Refuge, and golf enthusiasts can hit the links at one of the top-rated courses around town, each offering a unique experience.Instagram-Worthy ViewsTo get a stunning, bird’s-eye-view of the city, ride the Sandia Peak Tramway cable car to the top of the 3,250-meter Sandia Peak, then hike the 2.4-kilometer trail to the crest. Another way to get a heart-stopping view of the city is to take a ride in a hot-air balloon from one of the many vendors that operate in and around the city. If you’re in town in early October, don’t miss the annual International Balloon Fiesta – there’s really nothing else like it!