Take a walk through the rich historical landscape of these cities and the surrounding countryside, then sidle through Alexandria’s upbeat Cultural District set right along the Red River.

Gracious Homes and GroundsNo experience in the Alexandria and Pineville area would be complete without a tour of the 18th century Kent Plantation House, a six-room homestead built before the Louisiana Purchase that showcases Creole life. Walk the grounds and outbuildings to get a real sense of what a working plantation was like. Stay at Loyd Hall Plantation, a circa-1820 home located on a working farm (and on the National Historic Register). For a taste of what modern-day organic growers in the heart of Louisiana can offer, head to Inglewood Farm, which has been producing everything from milk to pecans since 1836. In Alexandria, marvel at the turn-of-the-century architecture of River Oaks Arts Center, and then explore its many studios and galleries featuring work from more than 200 artists.Hospitable HistoryIt’s impossible to miss Alexandria’s grand Hotel Bentley, a 1907-built accommodation with a backstory nearly as long as its list of luxury amenities. Visit the Bentley’s World War II exhibit and its Mirror Room Lounge for upscale cocktails. For something a little more rustic, go see the Southern Forest Heritage Museum, a historic sawmill where you’ll encounter antique logging and milling equipment as well as other exhibits that tell the story of the area’s relationship to the land. Pineville’s Forts Randolph & Buhlow State Historic Site on the Red River is complete with a dam, Civil War exhibits and a boardwalk through the fort area.Fun with Flora and FaunaTake a horseback ride through Kisatchie National Forest, a 240,000-hectare wilderness (and Louisiana’s only National Forest) where you’ll experience bayous, cypress groves and an array of native plants and animals. To encounter even more critters, head to Alexandria Zoological Park. Here you can observe 500 animals and explore a dedicated Louisiana Habitat exhibit as well as Australian, African and Asia sections. For a journey like no other, follow the Northup Trail Byway, the same path Solomon Northup –the primary author of “12 Years a Slave” – traveled through Central Louisiana. Along the way, you’ll find Red River Landing, historic homes and depots, Indian mounds, museums, farms and charming towns.