It’s only 11 kilometers from Washington, D.C., but Alexandria has a character all its own. Both an escape from the bustle of D.C. and a fun extension of it, this city with the thread of history running through it maintains a relaxed, modern attitude. Though very much a preserved colonial village, Alexandria’s Old Town feels fresh and vibrant, its historic architecture housing cool shops and restaurants. Take a romantic stroll along gas-lit cobblestone streets, or explore the waterfront, a vibrant hub for dining as well as a launch for boat tours of all types. Engage with authentic history at a more relaxed pace with easy access to major airports and the best D.C. attractions via Metrorail.

Authentic U.S. HistoryThe key to understanding Alexandria’s storied role in U.S. history is a tour (or several tours) of Old Town, established in 1749 and home to first U.S. President George Washington. Walk along King Street (or take the free King Street Trolley) past hundreds of unique shops and restaurants amid vividly preserved architecture. Next, take a bike, bus or boat to Mount Vernon to explore the stately mansion and gardens Washington called home. Learn even more about one of the country’s Founding Fathers at the spectacular George Washington Masonic Memorial, which includes a museum, chapel and observation deck. Spend a little time sitting in historic Christ Church, a colonial-era structure once attended by Washington and dozens of other American presidents.Old Town’s Artistic BentHistory really is everywhere here, and that includes the Torpedo Factory Art Center, a one-time naval munitions factory turned art mecca. With 160 professional artists showing and selling work in 82 studios and six galleries, it’s a real feast for the eyes. The same is true at the Museums at Market Square. Situated in Old Town, Gadsby’s Tavern, the Carlyle House and the Stabler-Leadbeater Apothecary are three original colonial-era buildings functioning as museums within one block of each other. See what daily life and marketplace activity was like when Washington walked these historic streets.Local TreasuresThe city may be old, but it keeps to a modern beat. Gravitate to the Potomac River waterfront for all manner of recreation: from sailing or cruise tours to biking the Mount Vernon Trail, dining right at the water’s edge or relaxing in the park. Visit the Alexandria Farmers Market on Saturday (it’s recognized as the oldest continually operating farmers' market in the country). Take in a show at The Birchmere, a much-loved musical hall that’s been drawing the best acts since the 1960s. At Port City Brewing Company, rated the best small brewery in the U.S. at Great American Beer Festival 2015, sample the craft brews on tap in the Tasting Room.