Though not exactly a secret – it was named one of the top islands in the world by Condé Nast readers – Amelia Island is certainly one of Florida’s lesser-mentioned holiday destinations. Surprising, because this island getaway checks off just about everything on a traveler’s wish list: beaches, history, outdoor recreation, shopping, dining and accommodations fit for families and celebrities alike. And as far as numbers go, Amelia Island racks up 21 kilometers of shoreline, 99 scenic holes of golf, a 50-block historic district, more than 100 outstanding restaurants and a calendar full of festivals.

Beaches for Families, History and NatureThe island’s quartz-sand beaches are picture-perfect; meticulously enforced regulations keep them that way. Families tend to congregate at Main Beach, which also offers handicap access and beach wheelchairs; or Fernandina Beach, just steps away from the historic district. Peter’s Point is popular with cyclists looking to access the 10-kilometer Amelia Island Trail. Collect shark’s teeth and shells at Fort Clinch or see the protected dunes on historic American Beach. At the southern end of the island, you can go horseback riding on the beach at Amelia Island State Park. Looking to escape from it all? Try Little Talbot Island State Park. It remains blissfully undeveloped and teems with wildlife and undisturbed natural habitats.History QuestAmelia Island is one of the state’s most historic locations, claiming many ofFlorida’s “oldest”: oldest bar, oldest inn, oldest lighthouse and oldest newspaper. The cultural influences of the eight different flags that have flown here since 1562 have seeped into every brick and grain of sand. The Amelia Island Museum of History, housed in the old county jail, offers a comprehensive historical overview, from Timucuan Native Americans to pirates, European settlers, Civil War soldiers and the Victorian elites. From here, take a horse-drawn carriage or walking tour of Fernandina Beach’s 50-block historic district. Watch a living-history demonstration and explore barracks at Fort Clinch State Park. American Beach is the first stop on the Florida Black Heritage Trail; visit the American Beach Museum to learn about this seaside haven for African Americans during the Jim Crow era.Eat, Drink and Be Merry in Amelia IslandWith more than 100 independent restaurants, Amelia Island has your appetite covered. Notable favorites include Southern comfort food at 29 South, wild-caught seafood at Timoti’s Seafood Shak, Spanish and Portuguese specialties at España Restaurant and ultra-high-end dining at Salt, winner of the AAA Five-Diamond Award. You can sample these and many others at discounted rates during Restaurant Week in January. No trip to Amelia Island would be complete without a drink at The Palace Saloon, the oldest bar in Florida. Afterward, browse the historic streets lined with antique shops, boutiques, galleries and pubs.