Forget its reputation as a picturesque, free-spirited college town – Ann Arbor is a forever town. As enamored of its football team as it is of its arts, it’s the kind of place that marries big city culture with the neighborly values of a small Midwestern town, with a hearty dash of intellectual energy and natural beauty thrown in. This progressive community with the collegiate atmosphere offers excellent museums, a diverse culinary scene, exciting nightlife and lots of arts events. You can kayak the Huron River, or enjoy the public art (it’s everywhere, and don’t miss the little fairy doors sprinkled throughout the city). It’s a place you won’t want to leave, even if your university days are far behind you.

Getting in the SpiritAnn Arbor’s venerable University of Michigan is more than just a pretty campus; it’s the city’s cultural and academic epicenter. Visit the Museum of Natural History for hands-on demos, the Living Lab and, for kids, the Dinosaur Tour. The school’s Museum of Art offers a rich collection of works ranging from African to Western. Elsewhere on campus, explore student art galleries and the Detroit Observatory, or catch a musical performance or literary reading. Spend the day wandering through Matthaei Botanical Gardens. Take a tour of Michigan Stadium, nicknamed “The Big House,” home to the University of Michigan Wolverines and full of college football character.Welcome to the NeighborhoodThere are small-city downtowns, and then there’s downtown Ann Arbor. Explore a thriving and diverse community full of independent shops, restaurants, galleries and markets. Soak up the local vibe at paperies, vintage boutiques and bookstores before grabbing organic pizza or top-notch coffee. Dining is exceptional here morning, noon and night, with cafes and kitchens serving up delicious breakfast fare and twice as many establishments offering ethnic cuisines for dinner, including Mongolian, Spanish, German and Asian options. Chase dinner with a stop at a tequila bar, or spring for local beer and popcorn. Don’t miss beloved Zingerman’s Deli, an Ann Arbor institution and famous throughout the USA. It’s the place for artisanal cheese, bagels, hot sandwiches and sides.Museums, Music & MoreThe scene here creates opportunities for discovery around every corner. Head to the Ann Arbor Hands-On Museum for an interactive good time. Though it’s a children’s science museum, adults will be equally enthralled by the dynamic exhibits. Visit Cobblestone Farm and Museum, circa 1845, to learn about rural life in the 19th century. Like any good college town, Ann Arbor’s music scene is full of options. Start at diminutive Kerrytown Concert House for some beguilingly great acts, or spend some time at The Ark, whose listening room boasts live music more than 300 nights a year. For an elevated performance, book tickets for the Ann Arbor Symphony Orchestra, or see what’s on offer at Michigan Theater, a historic movie palace that hosts indie films, stage performances and music concerts.