Some parts of Annapolis seem almost untouched by time. In the oldest incorporated city in the state, there are more 18th century buildings than anywhere else in the USA. The historic district spans 45 blocks. The U.S. Naval Academy, founded 1845, is still a robust center of “The Sailing Capital” that sits on the Severn River where it meets Chesapeake Bay. Despite its distinguished reputation, Annapolis knows how to have fun with waterfront attractions and a culinary scene that showcases the area’s seafood as well as international fare.

Allure of the WaterTour the Naval Academy’s campus, the Yard, and its museum to get a handle on how this esteemed institution trains its 4,500 students. Build on the knowledge at Annapolis Maritime Museum. Thomas Point’s Shoal Light is Maryland’s iconic lighthouse and open to the public part of the year. Ego Alley, where City Dock is located, gives you the chance to admire boats and also to shop, dine and drink your way down nearby Main Street. Once you’re ready to be on the water, take a sailing cruise on the Schooner Woodwind.Follow the History TrailSince it has so many historic structures and landmarks to explore, Annapolis offers multiple Colonial walking and trolley tours. First stop, William Paca’s home to see the 18thcentury garden of this Declaration of Independence signatory. Nearby, Hammond-Harwood House is full of antique decorative and fine art. Spend the day at the Banneker-Douglass Museum learning about Maryland’s African-American history. At Historic Annapolis Museum and Store, engage with the city’s storied past and take home a keepsake. Only a few pre-Revolutionary War mansions are still standing, so see one; Chase-Lloyd House offers guided tours. At Historic London Town and Gardens, a big park on South River, you can go inside a circa-1760 tavern.Where Arts and Culture AboundNear the Maryland State House off State Circle, historic buildings are lined up alongside shops and restaurants. Hunt for antiques or head to McBride Gallery, the largest of 25 galleries in downtown Annapolis with seven rooms of original works. Catch a performance by Annapolis Shakespeare Company or Live Arts Maryland, or enjoy a night with the Annapolis Symphony Orchestra or Annapolis Opera.