This city on the Potomac River just across from Washington, D.C., the U.S. capital, has deep roots in American political history. After all, the U.S. Department of Defense headquarters, The Pentagon, can be found here, as can Arlington National Cemetery, the final resting spot for the country’s military. But Arlington is anything but somber. Here you’ll find a warm, accessible city that acts as the perfect launching point for a crash course in American politics or a tour of historical landmarks, and yet is still a hot spot for global dining, hip nightlife and major shopping.

Though it’s just minutes from the National Mall and the White House, Arlington has its own historic sites. Yes, you can tour The Pentagon – and should – if you reserve in advance. On the Arlington National Cemetery Tour, you’ll stop by all of the most notable graves and learn about the cemetery’s rich history. Visit Arlington House, The Robert E. Lee Memorial, on the same grounds, and tour where General Lee lived as well as the enslaved quarters and museum. At the Marine Corps War Memorial, you can see the iconic Iwo Jima flag-raising photograph brought to life by sculptor Felix W. de Weldon. On Theodore Roosevelt Island, walk the trails or canoe and kayak after you take in the monument to the nation’s 26th president.Enjoy the great outdoors by picnicking, boating or just watching the planes take off from Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport at Gravelly Point Park, on the George Washington Memorial Parkway. Cycle through area history on an Arlington History Bike Tour, which takes you on a 37-kilometer historical circuit. Tap into Arlington’s creative scene and catch a performance at Signature Theatre, a Tony Award®-winning professional company.Arlington calls its largest neighborhoods “urban villages,” and for good reason, as you’ll find turn-of-the-century buildings alongside modern high-rises. Pop in neighborhood pubs next to high-end boutiques. Head to Crystal City’s Synetic Theater, Columbia Pike for global cuisine and Clarendon for indie shopping. Plan to spend a day at Fashion Centre at Pentagon City for luxury brands or head to the Arlington Farmer’s Market, one of the area’s oldest, in the Courthouse neighborhood.