Arlington is continuously becoming one of the most exciting destinations to visit. Being home to two cutting-edge sports stadiums – AT&T Stadium and Globe Life Park – as well as the original Six Flags in the franchise, Six Flags Over Texas, it’s no wonder why droves of families head to Arlington each year for one-of-a-kind, memorable experiences.

Catch a Rangers Baseball GameWatch Major League Baseball’s Texas Rangers face off against the toughest competition in the nation at Globe Life Park in Arlington. As an added bonus, Globe Life has possibly the most creative menu in the MLB. Don’t miss the "Boomstick" gourmet hot dog, so big it feeds four people.If you’re a big fan of baseball, you also have the opportunity to tour Globe Life Park. Texas Rangers baseball expert tour guides guide you through the ballpark, showcasing its beautiful turn-of-the-20th century vintage architectural style.Tour AT&T StadiumRight across the street from Globe Life Park in Arlington sits AT&T Stadium, the most famous $1.3 billion, state-of-the-art sports complex in the world. Here, fans of the National Football League’s Dallas Cowboys can feel like a champion as they walk on the field under one of the biggest HD televisions in existence. Visitors can take a self-guided tour of the players’ locker room as well as the world-famous Dallas Cowboys Cheerleaders’ dressing room. Once you visit AT&T Stadium, no other football stadium on the planet will compare.And when we say state-of-the-art, we emphasize the "art." The brainchild of Mrs. Gene Jones, visitors with a flair for the arts can immerse themselves in breath-taking sculptures, murals and paintings in a venue unlike any other art gallery in the world.Beat the Heat at Six Flags Hurricane HarborPerfect your cannonball at Six Flags Hurricane Harbor. Beat the heat in over 11 million liters of cool, refreshing water, intense water slides, children's pools and wave pools. Bring the sunscreen and shades and go wild.Ride a Roller Coaster at Six Flags Over TexasCome back to where it all started at Six Flags Over Texas. With popular roller coasters, thrill rides and Bugs Bunny Boomtown for the family, you’ll have something to talk about for days. Some of the new features at the theme park include The Joker 4D free-fly roller coaster, an expanded Gotham City section with three rides – The Riddler Revenge, Catwoman Whip and Harley Quinn Spinsanity – and DC Comics' 4D interactive ride experience Justice League: Battle for Metropolis.Tour the International Bowling Museum & Hall of FameTravel back 5,000 years from bowling past to present in the Bowling Museum or check out the infinite archive of bowling greats. When we say mecca, we mean it; the U.S. Olympic bowling team practices here, too.Shopping, Dining and EntertainmentWhile you’re here, check out The Parks at Arlington Mall, Arlington Highlands or Lincoln Square for premier Arlington shopping. Is your stomach grumbling? Tuck in at J. Gilligan’s, where you have to try the Irish nachos.For live music fans, venues like Arlington Music Hall and Levitt Pavilion bring electrifying high-energy summer concerts to Arlington.