Aspen and Snowmass look like a page from a storybook: majestic, snow-capped peaks, verdant forests and charming mountain towns that twinkle by night. Come to ski four mountains on one lift ticket, for the festivals and live music shows, to hike or bike kilometers of trails, or to sip hot chocolate by the fire in a slopeside condo or at luxury property The Little Nell (“Travel & Leisure” says it's one of the best mugs of hot chocolate in the country). A beautiful playground all year long, breathe in the fresh, alpine air and explore everything there is to do and see in these elegant, outdoorsy communities.

Mountain Fun for All SeasonsMuch has been made of Aspen and Snowmass’ incredible skiing, with four individual mountains – Snowmass, Aspen, Highlands and Buttermilk – offering a total of 2,232 hectares of skiable terrain just a few kilometers apart from one another. Aspen Mountain sits in the heart of vibrant downtown Aspen, while Snowmass offers slopes for all abilities. Buttermilk is known as the home of the Winter X Games, and Highlands is a favorite of expert skiers who earn their turns in Highland Bowl.In summer, gondolas on both Aspen Mountain and Snowmass whisk adventurers up to hiking trails, disc golf courses and outdoor games for kids. Sit a spell at the Sundeck, a restaurant renowned for its panoramic views and top-notch American and Asian food atop Aspen Mountain. At Snowmass, 145 kilometers of mountain biking trails include cross-country and lift-served terrain. These are part of the valley’s Gold-Level Ride Center as designated by the International Mountain Bicycling Association – one of seven in the world. Family activities include an alpine coaster, ropes courses and climbing walls. Don't miss the locally-sourced fare at Elk Camp restaurant, including a farm-to-table dinner every Tuesday.Wilderness Views and Outdoor RecreationSet your Smartphone’s camera to panoramic mode and take a tour to nearby Maroon Bells, two extraordinary peaks – the most photographed in North America – rising up from the White River National Forest and Maroon Lake. Mountain bike the Rim Trail, which traverses Snowmass Village and beyond, offering great views of the village, mountains and a reservoir. Just outside of Aspen, climbers will find Independence Pass in the Rocky Mountains – 3,687 meters up – a breathtaking challenge. Back in town, head to the John Denver Sanctuary. Along the scenic walking path you’ll find rocks engraved with Denver’s lyrics and come upon a huge perennial flower garden while following the Roaring Fork River.Around TownFrom al fresco to après ski, more than 100 restaurants (many with locally-sourced menus) satisfy both your need to take in the view and the healthy appetite you’ve worked up. There are boutique shops here alongside the most lauded designer stores, making shopping an all-day activity. In summer, hit the Aspen Saturday Market for produce, crafts and music. At the Anderson Ranch Arts Center in Snowmass Village, see international artists at work and admire the pieces on display in the gallery. Catch a film, comedy show or musical performance at the Wheeler Opera House.