Beaches, boardwalks and entertainment combine to make Atlantic City a kind of fun capital of the East Coast, drawing 27 million visitors a year. For over 100 years, folks have been coming to this small but mighty New Jersey resort town to enjoy attractions, frolic in the surf, shop ‘til they drop and revel in the raucous nightlife.

Live the Resort LifeAtlantic City’s famous resorts live up to the hype. You’ll find glamorous pools, in-house movie theaters and every possible cuisine (in every restaurant setting) available when you stay in one. The resorts here also offer pampering mega-spas, endless buffets, shows by top performers and serious opportunities to golf. Throw in playgrounds, splash pools and kids clubs for the youngest members of your family, and you may never leave.Iconic Boardwalk & Can’t-miss ShoppingPeople have been flocking to the iconic boardwalk ever since it was built in 1870 and was only 1 ½ kilometers long. Now, it’s over six, and encompasses all manner of restaurants and recreation. Stroll down to the Steel Pier and jump on an amusement thrill ride or try a carnival game. Snack on some saltwater taffy, then pick up a trinket at one of the many cheerfully tacky souvenir stalls. Go for a dip in the water, or just people-watch while catching some sun in the sand.With no sales tax on clothing and shoe purchases, Atlantic City is a popular place to shop. Luxury brands like Tiffany & Co., A/X Armani Exchange, Burberry and Louis Vuitton can be found at the four-story Playground Pier shopping area, while bargains can be had at places like the Tanger Outlets, an outdoor mall covering 15 city blocks. The boardwalk’s specialty shops are a great place to pick up a gift or vacation memento.Get Out and ExploreThere are plenty of options for those who need a break from the boardwalk and the beach. Climb the 228 steps of Absecon Lighthouse,New Jersey’s tallest. Go back in time at the Atlantic City Historical Museum. Book a deep-sea fishing excursion, take a sightseeing trolley tour, see sea creatures at the Atlantic City Aquarium or get an art fix at the Atlantic City Art Center.