Georgia’s second-oldest city has been welcoming guests with Southern hospitality for decades, and it continues to invite visitors with its charm and easily accessible location, 241 kilometers east of Atlanta. In Augusta, you can come as you are to enjoy soul-satisfying food, soak up the sun and beauty of the Savannah River, walk to any number of unique places on the Augusta Riverwalk or head downtown to mix, mingle and continue the conversation. The practical aspects of visiting Augusta will draw you here, but the charm and beauty of the city will make it hard to tear yourself away.

Local LegendsThe month of April brings extra energy to Augusta, as fans from all over the world flock here for the legendary Masters Tournament, but this charming city on the banks of the Savannah River is lively any time of year, thanks to a downtown scene filled with unique shops, attractions and restaurants.The Augusta Museum of History features exhibits covering the city’s past and well-known residents. Its most popular exhibits highlight two Augusta originals, the Masters Tournament and singer James Brown.Unique Local Art and ShoppingStep inside Art on Broad, and you’ll probably be greeted by either Kristin Tar or one of her rescue dogs sleeping on the front chair. A staple on Artists Row since 1991, the gallery works with local and regional artists to offer original creations in glass, clay, paper and canvas.Vintage Ooollee owner Caren “Ooollee” Bricker’s selection of jewelry, clothing and accessories spans from the 1880s through the 1980s. Each piece is labeled by decade on the tag, and Ooollee likes to pass along the items’ stories to their buyers.Go Dancing and DiningThe Soul Bar – the namesake of James Brown, the Godfather of Soul – is an intimate venue frequented by local musicians. It’s hard not to take to the dance floor on any given night.Eclectic is the name of the game at a number of Augusta restaurants. At Frog Hollow Tavern, for example, Chef Sean Wight’s vision of an affordable yet stylish dining and social club comes to life. Expect a dinner menu of local and regionally grown ingredients, plus more than 100 value-driven wines.Explore all that Augusta has to offer, and experience a city alive with history and Southern charm.