Nestled in the scenic Fox River valley, explore all Aurora, Batavia, Big Rock, Hinckley, Montgomery, North Aurora, Plano, Sandwich, Sugar Grove and Yorkville have to offer. The Aurora area is a popular destination easily accessed from Chicago’s O’Hare and Midway International Airports. Its big city amenities include the ultimate in designer outlet shopping, thrilling casino gaming, critically acclaimed theater and the United States' premier particle physics laboratory. Its small town wonders offer destinations so unique that you can tour a world famous architectural icon in the morning, shop ‘til you drop in the afternoon, and spend the night indulging in award winning dining and live entertainment! The Aurora area is extraordinary!

Encounter an International IconThe Farnsworth House, in pastoral Plano, is master architect Ludwig Mies van der Rohe’s ultimate minimalist masterpiece. The floor-to-ceiling glass creation seemingly "floats" above the rambling Fox River representing the definitive refinement of Mies van der Rohe’s minimalist expression of structure and space.Explore the UniverseFermilab, America's particle physics and accelerator laboratory, probes the farthest reaches of the universe at the 6,800-acre site in Batavia. Live music, special events and year-round self-guided tours of the laboratory, art gallery, displays, buffalo herd, along with stunning views from the 15th floor are available.Shop Designer OutletsChicago Premium Outlets, the ultimate Midwest shopping destination, is a great collection of the finest designer labels and name brands available. With a new addition opening in 2015, you’ll find impressive savings at over 200 designer and name brand stores, such as Armani, Coach, Cole Haan, Lacoste, Salvatore Ferragamo, Michael Kors and more.Exciting Music and EntertainmentHollywood Casino is the place for heart-pounding casino action, incredible entertainment, great giveaways and award winning restaurants.The historic Paramount Theatre celebrates the arts with a full schedule of dance, music, comedy and Broadway-calibre shows.RiverEdge Park, an outdoor masterpiece that marries stunning architecture with environmental beauty, is host to an array of concerts, summer festivals and home to the world famous Blues on the Fox Festival.The historic Sandwich Opera House offers a wide variety of fine art performances, family-friendly theatre, educational lectures and special events.Culinary ExcellenceFrom ethnic to eclectic, gourmet to down-home diners, there are dishes waiting to awaken your palate and senses. Expect great ambiance, historic dining venues, dinner delivered to your door and choices galore.Fairbanks Steakhouse, the Aurora area's Culinary Champion for best steak, features the ambiance of classic 1930s Hollywood contrasted with fine contemporary dining.Raimondo's Pizza & Pub, in North Aurora, is Culinary Champion for best pizza and best ethnic dish. Everything is prepared the traditional way, handmade every day from old family recipes.Two Brothers Roundhouse, housed in the oldest railroad roundhouse in North America, is a full service brewpub restaurant, music venue and sponsor of the annual Two Brothers Summer Festival. It’s connected to the Metra train line and is the last stop out of Chicago Union Station.