A vacation in Big Sky,Montanais all about adventure. That’s because Big Sky isn’t just a destination – it’s an attraction in itself. This mountain resort sweeps from the Gallatin River winding through a lush Alpine valley, up to the top of Lone Peak, a rocky spire standing more than 3,400 meters high. Whether you come for the “Biggest Skiing in America” in winter, or for hiking, mountain biking, fly fishing, golfing and zip lining thrills in the warmer months, Big Sky feeds the soul of the daring.

Recreation Year-Round in Big SkyBig Sky promises four seasons of outdoor activity. In the winter, snow blankets the mountain and reveals seemingly endless skiable terrain, including heart-pounding expert slopes from the summit of Lone Peak. With few crowds and one of the most advanced ski lifts in the country, this is a true ski enthusiast’s destination. Snow shoeing, dog sledding, Nordic skiing and sleigh rides round out the winter season. Summertime visitors can soak in the rugged terrain with trout fishing and whitewater rafting on the Gallatin River, picnicking at Ousel Falls and hiking amid an ocean of wildflowers at Beehive Basin. Lee Metcalf Wilderness Area offers wilderness and recreation ranging from hunting and backpacking to kayaking and camping. No matter when you visit, don’t miss the high-altitude tram ride to the top of Lone Peak. The long-range views are spectacular.Base Camp for YellowstoneYellowstone National Park, the first national park in the USA, is just an hour south of Big Sky. From the park’s western entrance, you’re perfectly situated to explore its active geysers and check off Old Faithful and rainbow-hued Grand Prismatic Spring from your must-see list. Walk the boardwalk through the steaming geyser basin in Norris, where the park’s hottest geothermal temperature was recorded (237 C!). Madison, also in the park’s western region, is full of unexpected treasures: Gibbon Falls, a 26-meter cascade over an extinct volcanic caldera; fishing in the Madison and Firehole Rivers; and Firehole Canyon Drive, a scenic road past 244-meter-thick lava flows to a popular summertime swimming hole, Firehole Falls.Big Sky Attractions and AccommodationsListed on the National Register of Historic Places, Historic Crail Ranch features the preserved homestead of the Crail family, one of the earliest settler families in Big Sky. Travelers with kids can climb the newly constructed tree fort at Kircher Park, where you can also fish along the south fork of the Gallatin River. Accommodations are unique in a way that only Big Sky can offer. Big Sky Resort boasts five hotels, mountain cabins, vacation homes and multiple condo buildings that are perfect for groups and families. Splurge on a stay at one of the Signature Collection properties for four-star service. Lone Mountain Ranch is among National Geographic’s short list of Unique Lodges of the World. This luxury guest ranch takes glamping to a whole new level with historic lodges, farm-to-table dining, curated outdoor adventure packages and all-inclusive options for the ultimate Big Sky vacation experience.