Known for its idyllic landscapes, four seasons of recreational activities and 300 days of sunshine a year, Big Bear Lake offers larger-than-life adventures in the heart of the San Bernardino Mountains. Located 156 kilometers west of sunny Los Angeles, this premier resort community is the perfect vacation destination for outdoor enthusiasts. Ski the slopes, hike challenging trails, spend lazy days fishing or indulge in retail therapy at eclectic boutiques. From popular filming locations to isolated wilderness reserves, there’s a world of possibilities on and off the beaten path.

A Playground for All SeasonsIn the winter, conquer the slopes at Snow Summit, test your endurance with long-distance snowshoeing or feel the thrill of bobsledding at the Alpine Slide. For a dose of warmth, escape the frosty air and venture into the Bowling Barn for indoor bowling, ice skating and laser tag. Spring ushers in a world of possibilities. Hike part of the Pacific Crest Trail, rock climb at Onyx Summit or spend the day fishing at the marina. The sizzle of summer is perfect for wakeboarding, surfing and a trip to Holcomb Valley – the birthplace of SouthernCalifornia’s gold rush. During the fall, the landscape is set ablaze with the hues of autumn. Taste craft beers at Oktoberfest, enjoy the crisp mountain air via horseback or ride the Scenic Sky Chair for breathtaking aerial views.Natural Wonders and Famous SitesPicturesque vistas, tranquil hideaways and Hollywood filming locations await when you venture into the untamed wilderness around Big Bear Lake. Beneath the towering pines at Bluff Lake Reserve, refresh and recharge from the urban hustle while exploring filming locations from Disney’s “The Parent Trap.” Hike, bike and skate the paved trails on the Alpine Pedal Path. And remember to look up every now and then: The path is known for its frequent bald eagle sightings. For inspiring views of Big Bear Lake, hike the 4.2-kilometer trail to the outcrop at Castle Rock. With a 152-meter elevation gain, it’s the perfect place for photo ops and a mid-day picnic. Thanks to the abundance of nature preserves in the area, wildlife encounters occur frequently. Keep your camera on standby for glimpses of chipmunks, coyotes and deer.The Village: Eclectic Shops and Diverse DiningFor quality dining, shopping and entertainment, take a trip to Big Bear Lake Village, home to more than 120 storefronts. Explore unique boutiques, browse kitschy gift shops and check out the latest in “wilderness chic” home décor. Campers should make a pit stop by the local outfitters for gear, and if you love the holidays, Christmas Store ‘N’ More spreads Santa-filled cheer year-round. Looking to kick back and see the sights? Take a trolley ride around town. For endless laughs, a comedy show at The Cave is a great way to spend the evening.After a day of shopping or outdoors excursions, tantalize your taste buds at a variety of dining destinations. Munch on savory beef jerky at the Big Bear House of Jerky, grab a slice at Saucy Mama’s Pizzeria or dine at the Local Tropicali for a taste of Hawaiian fusion. Indulge your sweet tooth at North Pole Sweets and Treats – the cookie dough fudge is heavenly.From Rustic to Luxury: Big Bear Lake AccommodationsWhether it’s camping under the stars or relaxing poolside at a resort, accommodations are abundant in Big Bear Lake. Lodges such as Snow Lake and Hillcrest provide rooms with lakeside views, while the campgrounds at Pine Knot and Serrano have reasonable daily rates. Cabin rentals are available throughout the year, while The Club at Big Bear Village rolls out the red-carpet treatment if you seek more luxurious accommodations.