With its lovely landscapes and small population, Bismarck-Mandan, North Dakota, is a locale that combines the cultural opportunities of a state capital with the hospitality of a tight-knit town. Hugging the mighty Missouri River, it’s a hub for history, shopping and outdoor recreation, filled with welcoming locals who can show you everything the area has to offer.

About That HistoryDive intoNorth Dakotahistory by exploring the four galleries of the North Dakota Heritage Center and State Museum, then head over to Double Ditch Indian Village to experience the lifestyles of some of the area’s first inhabitants, the Mandan Nation. History buffs should also consider visiting Buckstop Junction for a dose of pioneer spirit and the Camp Hancock State Historic Site to see artifacts from the 19th century.Natural Wonders and Outdoor SightseeingIf you want to explore the scenic side of Bismarck, try a riverboat sightseeing trip, or rent a kayak and take your own self-guided tour of the Missouri River. Paddle upriver to Keelboat Park or downriver to Fort Abraham Lincoln State Park. Further afield is McDowell Dam Nature Park, a great spot for hiking and picnicking, and the Bismarck-Mandan Birding Drive, named one of America's 500 Most Important Bird Areas by the American Bird Conservancy. One of North Dakota’s premier attractions, The Dakota Zoo is home to over 600 animals, from Bengal tigers to American bison and arctic foxes. Right down the road, you’ll find the Riverwood Golf Course; both make for excellent outings when the weather is nice.Experiencing the Local Culture and CuisineIf you’re interested in learning more about the many Indigenous American groups who have historically lived in the area, attend theUnited Tribes International Powwow, an annual celebration of Indigenous dance and drum traditions held each September. See artwork by tribal artists at the United Tribes Art Gallery, then admire public art installations on the campus of United Tribes Technical College: The impressive eagle sculptures were all crafted by student artists. If food’s your thing, indulge in a warm bowl of knoephla, a German chicken and potato soup with dumplings that happens to beNorth Dakota’s official state soup. Stop into one of Bismarck’s breweries, like community staple Laughing Sun, to sample craft beers and strike up a conversation with the locals.