Escape from the hustle and bustle of everyday life to the serene allure of the Bitterroot Valley in Western Montana’s Glacier Country. Here, awe-inspiring natural landscapes abundant with wildlife surround vibrant and friendly small towns. From scenic drives and historic trails to year-round recreation and off-the-beaten-path excursions, there’s something to match everyone’s pace and interests.

Exciting Outdoor ExpeditionsTry your hand at fly-fishing on the scenic Bitterroot River, known as one of the best trout fishing rivers in Western Montana. Pedal the 80-kilometer paved Bitterroot Bike Trail from Missoula to Hamilton, stopping at quaint mountain towns along the way. Downhill skiers flock to Lost Trail Powder Mountain’s 60-plus trails located on the Idaho/Montana border. Just north of Darby, Lake Como provides the perfect mountainous backdrop for a day full of swimming, boating, hiking or stand-up paddleboarding. Hiking trails abound in the Bitterroot Valley. The Lee Metcalf National Wildlife Refuge is uniquely situated along the Lewis & Clark Trail and home to nearly 300 bird, mammal, reptile and amphibian species.Charming & Friendly Small TownsSample creative concoctions at more than 15 breweries, wineries and cideries within the Bitterroot Valley. Enjoy a mouthwatering steak at the rustic Lolo Creek Steakhouse, a local favorite with more than 1,000 five-star Google reviews. Explore Darby’s picturesque downtown with a Wild West feel before spending the night in a luxurious cabin on the sprawling Triple Creek Ranch. Fill your basket with an impressive list of vendor goodies at the farmers market in Hamilton, the local trading hub for farms, orchards and ranches. Nestled between the Bitterroot and Sapphire mountains, Stevensville is packed with small-town charm and holds events such as the annual Western Heritage Days, Creamery Picnic and parades.Endless Off-the-Beaten-Path ExcursionsLearn about rich Indigenous American and Lewis & Clark history at Travelers’ Rest State Park and Visitor Center, the explorers’ archaeologically verified campsite. Discover Montana’s history and first pioneer community at St. Mary’s Mission in Stevensville. Tour the historic Daly Mansion in Hamilton with its 50-plus rooms, 2,200 square meters and numerous fascinating renovations. Opt for a farm stay at ABC Acres, also in Hamilton, where you can experience permaculture and life on a working farm without sacrificing cozy accommodations. The winding, scenic drive along Highway 12 features notable stops, like The Jack Saloon, Lolo Hot Springs, and the 1,595-meter Lolo Pass, making for a memorable car or motorcycle ride.