Experience monumental works of man and nature in one place, theBlack Hills of South Dakota, home to five national parks and monuments, including Mount Rushmore, the Shrine of Democracy. A region of infinite variety, you’ll also find scenic byways, historic Old West towns, Native American culture, gaming and a wealth of attractions.

Major Monuments and Native HistoryMount Rushmore National Memorial is a large-scale sculpture of four of the USA’s most prominent presidents carved into a granite mountainside. Take in the monument by day, but also stick around to see this beautifully designed sculpture during an evening lighting ceremony. Attend a sculptor’s talk, or explore the monument’s bookstore and gift shop before dining on site. Just 42 kilometers to the north, visitRapid City, a resort community set in the Black Hills. From here, you can experience Custer State Park, Badlands National Park, Devils Tower National Monument and more. The nearby Crazy Horse Memorial – the world’s largest mountain sculpture, in progress since 1948 – testifies to the region’s rich Lakota history and culture, also featured in the memorial’s visitors complex, where the sculptor’s home and studio are on display.Exploring Expansive ParksRun wild in Custer State Park, which encompasses spectacular views, wildlife watching, 1,300 head of wild bison and some of most scenic drives you’ll find anywhere. The park, one of the nation’s largest state parks, comprises nearly 29,000 hectares and has been home to diverse cultural heritages for thousands of years, providing scenic beauty and outdoor recreation for visitors since the early 1900s. Within the park are visitor centers, fishing lakes, resorts, campgrounds, lodges and interpretive programs. NearbyBadlands National Parkallows visitors an otherworldly experience and is home to majestic landscapes and diverse wildlife. The Badlands consist of 98,000 hectares of sharply eroded buttes, pinnacles and spires blended with the largest protected mixed-grass prairie in the USA. Cedar Pass Lodge and Badlands Inn allow adventurers who stay overnight the chance to see the park’s unique moonscape environments.Old West CharacterIn the northern Black Hills you’ll find the historic Old West town of Deadwood. In the 1870s, Deadwood Gulch was the site of the last big frontier gold rush in North America. Deadwood flourished on gold mining for more than a century, and today it is known for its rich history, legal gambling and attractions that are all related to gold and the gold rush heritage of this wonderfully restored community.