If busy beach destinations aren’t your thing, consider Block Island, 19 kilometers off the coast of Rhode Island. The nature lover’s sanctuary is crisscrossed with hiking paths and circled by more than 27 kilometers of pristine, relaxing beaches. At just 11.2 kilometers long and 4.8 kilometers wide, it’s easy to explore the nature trails, historic sites, locally owned shops and quaint harbor districts on foot or by bike – no car needed.

The Draw of the WaterfrontYou’ll be instantly attracted to the beautiful, crisp waters lapping at the island’s shore. Explore one-of-a-kind shops, stop for a relaxing meal and book a room at one of the cozy inns at the Old Harbor area fronting the Atlantic Ocean, or the smaller New Harbor on Great Salt Pond. Go sailing, kayaking, paddle boarding, parasailing or fishing. Rent a bike and explore the island at your own pace.Beautiful Beaches and Natural AttractionsStand atop Mohegan Bluffs for spectacular ocean views, then descend more than 100 stairs to be treated to a secluded beach haven. At the island’s northern tip, stroll along the peaceful shoreline and visit the North Lighthouse. Read the plaque at Settler’s Rock, dedicated to the island’s original European residents. Visit the Block Island National Wildlife Refuge, known for its population of migratory songbirds.Soak Up Local HistoryThe island wasn’t officially settled until 1661, but Adrian Block, the island’s namesake, landed here in 1614. Learn about local history at the Block Island Historical Society museum, shop and gallery. Take photos of the Peleg Champlin House and the Hygeia House, two of the island’s lovingly restored structures.Getting HereTake a 12-minute commuter flight via New England Airlines from Westerly to the Block Island State Airport, or take a ferry boat from landside towns that include Point Judith (also called Galilee; it’s the only one that can accommodate vehicles). Other ferries leave from Newport, Rhode Island; Fall River, Massachusetts; New London, Connecticut; and Montauk, New York.