Every year, Bloomington hosts more than 42 million visitors from near and far. They come forMall of America, a retail experience so immense – 520 stores, 50 restaurants and more attractions than some theme parks – it must be seen (and shopped) to be believed. And it’s easy to make the pilgrimage: A quick metro ride from the Minneapolis-Saint Paul airport and you’re there. But venture outside this shopping mecca and you’ll find gardens, trails, preserves and parks offering year-round outdoor fun.

Mall of AmericaThe USA’s largest retail and entertainment complex is anchored by Macy’s and Nordstrom and offers the full spectrum of stores, from designer labels like kate spade new york, Burberry and Michael Kors to top tech stops Apple and Microsoft. Find culinary shops, toy stores, beauty bars and more, as well as no tax on all clothing and shoe purchases. Visit the mall’s Nickelodeon Universe, a full-scale theme park with 27 rides, or head to SEA LIFE Minnesota Aquarium to see thousands of sea creatures. You can even soar to great heights at FlyOver America, a high-tech flight-simulation ride over the entire country. And for the little ones there’s Crayola Experience, full of hands-on exhibits and attractions designed with creativity and innovation in mind.Winter WonderlandVisiting in winter and tempted to just hole up in the mall? Instead, do as the locals do and embrace this invigorating season. Go skating at 13 outdoor ice rinks, ski the Hyland Hills, or set out on a snowshoe or cross-country ski course – Bloomington is laced with trails. Try your hand at Broomball – a Canadian ice game – or go ice fishing at Hyland Lake Park Reserve, which also features walking trails, a play area and disc golf. The reserve’s Richardson Nature Center lets you engage with the area’s native flora and fauna in winter while staying snug inside.Refined Nature and CultureExplore Bloomington’s natural beauty atMinnesotaValley National Wildlife refuge, 5,670 hectares of land devoted to preserving the wetlands, migratory birds, fish and other wildlife that inhabit 113 kilometers in the region. Follow the trails to investigate several different habitats, including tallgrass prairie and floodplain forest. Bike or walk over the historic Old Cedar Avenue Bridge across the Minnesota River for a beautiful view of Bloomington and the refuge. At Normandale Community College’s Japanese Garden, you’ll see 300 trees and shrubs maintained in the Japanese style, as well as a drum-shaped bridge, waterfalls, streams, lagoons and pagodas. End your visit with a stop at Bloomington Center for the Arts, which houses exhibitions and hosts theater and dance performances.