Want a city that mixes history with the hip, contemporary with the quaint? Where cobblestone streets meet glass-enclosed shopping galleries, where the Freedom Trail’s landmarks stand beside trendy restaurants, where new high-tech campuses brush shoulders with some of the USA’s most prestigious universities? Then Boston is a must.

Discover Amazing Sites in BostonExplore architecture and works of art at the renowned Museum of Fine Arts, where tours in multiple languages are offered, or discover avant-garde art at the Institute of Contemporary Art on Boston’s waterfront. The Boston Public Library houses more than 6 million volumes and equally enthralling are its murals, frescoes, paintings and sculptures. Another gem is H.H. Richardson’s masterpiece, Trinity Church, consistently ranked among the USA's most significant architectural landmarks.Take in a music, art or cultural festival. Wander Boston’s quintessential Beacon Hill neighborhood full of Greek Revival and Federal-style homes, exquisite squares and historical sites. Stroll Boston Common and the Public Garden, and ride in one of the pedal-powered Swan Boats. Take a tour by foot, trolley, bike or boat. There aretours for all interests: historical, food and wine, architectural, film, the harbor islands, and even tours for little feet.Things to Do in BostonChildren will delight in exploring the Boston Children’s Museum, where “don’t touch" is never heard; discovering the mysteries of the sea at the New England Aquarium; and seeing the wonders of the world at the Museum of Science. All ages will get a kick out of Legoland Discovery Center, rides on the carousels, and splashing in the spray pools and fountains along the Greenway, the city’s urban parkland.Everyone will enjoy Boston’s lively waterfront, whale watches and sunset sails. Wind your way through Harvard Yard or the mile-long campus of Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Boston’s distinctive shopping districts allow visitors to browse in glass- enclosed arcades, stroll open-air marketplaces – most notably Faneuil Hall Marketplace – and meander Newbury Street’s chic boutiques and eclectic Harvard Square, which is not square at all. Go outlet shopping at nearby centers. Regardless of where you shop, you’ll appreciate the tax exemption on all clothing valued under $175.Boston is also a sports town, and whether you’re an avid fan or casual spectator, enjoy rooting for the home team at professional and collegiate games. If you can’t make it to a Red Sox baseball game, tours are available year-round of Fenway Park, the USA's oldest ballpark.Sit front row and center for a Broadway musical, classical ballet or a night at the Symphony. Music of all genres can be heard on any night. You can catch the hottest big-name performers or trending new talent. Comedy clubs, improv theaters, dance and night clubs also offer evening and late-night entertainment.Enjoy Great Dining in BostonBoston dining is its own destination. Area chefs outdo themselves with signature specialties made from the freshest local ingredients. The local seafood is spectacular, no matter how it’s prepared. Contemporary cuisine, classic New England fare with a twist and a diverse mix of ethnic dishes make for unparalleled meals. Spicing up the culinary calendar, twice a year, in March and in August, Dine Out Boston is on the city’s menu. Chefs prepare prix fixe meals at deliciously discounted prices.