Bowling Green, Kentucky, has all the charm you’d expect in a typical Southern town, from its rolling green terrain and welcoming locals to a postcard-perfect downtown. What makes Bowling Green a stand-out destination, though, are the unexpected attractions. It’s the only place in the world where “America’s sports car,” the Chevrolet Corvette, is assembled. Bowling Green is also the birthplace of Duncan Hines, the man behind countless food products lining U.S. grocery store shelves. Adding to the fun are an abundance of museums, family-friendly activities and outdoor adventures tailored to Kentucky’s natural landscape.

So Many SportsBowling Green loves sports cars so much that the minor league baseball team is named the Hot Rods. As the site of the Corvette assembly plant, Bowling Green attracts car enthusiasts from around the world. Save an afternoon to tour the National Corvette Museum, the largest automotive museum dedicated to one model car. There are more than 80 antique, collector, concept and one-of-a-kind Corvettes on display. See the wildly popular Sinkhole Exhibit, the site of a 2014 collapse of a portion of the museum that claimed eight classic cars. Near the museum is the Motorsports Park, where you can zoom around a race track in a Corvette. At Beech Bend Amusement Park, enjoy roller coasters, a water park and stage shows, and nearby at the Beech Bend Raceway, catch a high-energy classic car or Harley-Davidson motorcycle drag race.Cultural Attractions to TryThe Downing Museum at Baker Arboretum is the ideal place to soak in nature and art. Time your visit during spring, summer or fall to view lush dogwood, magnolia and Japanese maple trees in all their colorful glory. Inside the museum, see a comprehensive collection of works by modern artist Joseph Dudley Downing. The Kentucky Museum on the campus of Western Kentucky University offers a glimpse into the region’s past, featuring exhibits on local textile traditions and Duncan Hines, the man behind the famous food brand, which includes the beloved boxed cake mixes. If you love trains, stop at The Historic Railpark & Train Museum, where you can climb aboard five restored vintage railcars. Finish with a photo op at downtown’s Fountain Square Park, a community hub dating to 1872.Fun in NatureBook a seat onKentucky’s only underground cave boat tour at Lost River Cave. You can also enjoy hiking trails, or kick up the action on one of two zip lines – one for children, one for adults. Bring the family to Chaney's Dairy Barn for a scoop of freshly churned ice cream and a stroll around the working farm. It’s also home to a Lely Astronaut, one of three robotic cow-milking machines in the state. When the summer sun warms up, Mammoth Cave National Park offers a way to beat the heat. The world's longest-known cave system is just 30 minutes from Bowling Green and a must-see when visiting the area.