Considered the “Queen City of the Rockies,” Bozeman is at once timelessly rustic and surprisingly elegant. Neighbor to Yellowstone National Park, home to a hot spring and trending as a tech hotspot, Bozeman is that rare Western city that could easily feel remote but doesn’t. Every season here brings its own crop of outdoor adventure and new ways to explore the rugged landscape, from whitewater rafting to skiing to biking a dozen trails. Historic districts, museums and nearby ghost towns reflect the city’s rich past, even as a thriving culinary scene points to its future.

The Great Outdoors in Four SeasonsBozeman’s proximity to several mountains, forests and lakes means visitors have outdoor adventures galore. Custer Gallatin National Forest is an expansive wilderness nearYellowstone National Park. Mountain climbing, hiking, fishing the lakes and exploring plateaus, basins, canyons and valleys are all recreational options here – when you aren’t busy photographing the bear, elk, deer and other wildlife. Just 70 kilometers away,Big Sky Resort, the largest such resort in the USA, gives skiers and snowboarders a chance to blast through powder in winter (in summer, go zip-lining, whitewater rafting or horseback riding).Get a History LessonMontana State University’s Museum of the Rockies breaks down 4 billion years of history, with an emphasis on paleontology and Native American andMontanahistory. You’ll find a vast fossil collection, have the opportunity to see a star show in the Taylor Planetarium and learn about the Lewis and Clark Expedition. Check out the museum’s living history farm to find out what it was like to live as a homesteader (dive deeper into regional culture with a stop at the Gallatin History Museum). Minds will be blown at the American Computer & Robotics Museum, where the backstory of computing, communications, artificial intelligence and robotics comes to life.City SightseeingExplore Bozeman’s historic districts. At South Tracy/South Black Avenue Historic District, you’ll find 29 buildings on the National Register of Historic Places, while at Bon Ton, early 20th-century architecture is on display in the area’s homes. Around town, four distilleries and as many brewing companies offer tastings and tours. Grizzly Wolf Discovery Center lets you safely encounter and learn about the intimidating creatures (along with gray wolves, too). For relaxation and fun, try a dip in Bozeman hot springs or take a hot air balloon ride over the city.