With miles of entertainment guaranteed to bring smiles to the whole family, Branson is an ideal destination for holidays of all kinds.

Entertainment in BransonBranson’s reputation for live entertainment is well known – and well deserved – with dozens of shows happening daily. Branson’s music scene includes shows that feature American roots genres like country, gospel and bluegrass, as well as popular music and rock n’ roll. There’s also a selection of Broadway-style entertainment and large stage productions. And don’t miss the magicians, game shows, comedians, hypnotists, and more!With so much entertainment on stage, it’s sometimes easy to overlook the fact that Branson also has some of the finest resorts, restaurants, golf courses, shopping destinations and attractions in the country.Located in the picturesque Ozark Mountains of southern Missouri, Branson is practically at the center of the USA. It’s easy to get to by automobile since Branson is less than a day’s drive from most of the central USA. Visitors also have lots of flight options at two nearby commercial airports: Branson Airport and the Springfield/Branson National Airport.AttractionsWhether you enjoy demonstrations by skilled craftsmen, fantastic food, live music or jaw-dropping thrill rides, Silver Dollar City generates smiles that last long after your trip is over. This 1880s theme park has been named one of the Top Ten theme parks in the world by Amusement Today magazine. The Titanic Museum Attraction is housed inside a half-scale recreation of the ill-fated ship and features some of the most priceless Titanic artifacts in the world. Branson also has a wide variety of other attractions, from water parks to go-karts to zip-lines.Outdoors and LakesMany first-time visitors don’t realize that Branson is situated between two major lakes, and a third lake running through town. This unique location gives visitors a variety of outdoors activities, such as boating, hiking, biking, paddleboarding and more, all with a backdrop of some of the most breathtaking scenery in the central USA.GolfBranson has a number of nationally-recognized golf courses, and through 2019, Big Cedar Lodge’s Top of the Rock course will be the site of the annual PGA Legends of Golf and Champions Tour tournament. Also part of the PGA event is Buffalo Ridge Springs (formerly Branson Creek), which has been rated the top public course inMissouriby Golf Magazine and holds a Golf Digest rating of 4.5 stars out of 5.Resorts and LodgingThe Branson area is home to upscale resorts like Big Cedar Lodge and Chateau on the Lake Resort and Spa. There also a wide variety of lodging, ranging from four-star hotels to luxury cabins and condominiums, medium-service hotels to budget-friendly motels. And Branson is also one of the top Midwest destinations for RVs and campers, with scenic campsites featuring mountain or lake views.