Both Brandywine and Valley Forge played noteworthy roles in the American Revolutionary War: The former saw victory go to British Gen. William Howe, while the latter was the site of the 1777–1778 winter encampment of the Continental Army, from which emerged a spirited and rededicated fighting force. Living history villages include a Revolutionary War hospital and soldier’s orphan school. Sites welcome visitors to experience stories brought to life in lively and informative ways, including historical interpreters, hands-on demonstrations and multimedia presentations.

A Gardener’s ParadiseThe greater Countryside of Philadelphia region abounds with horticultural assets, earning the moniker “America’s Garden Capital.” Brandywine’s world-renowned Longwood Gardens combines the best of Italian, French and English traditions to create one of the USA’s most memorable gardens. Longwood encompasses 1,050 acres, offering 40 indoor-outdoor gardens and a breathtaking conservatory.Morris Arboretum, in the Valley Forge area, is on the National Register of Historic Places. Founded in 1933, the arboretum has over 12,000 plants from North America, Europe, the Mediterranean, China, Japan and Korea with a focus on Asian temperate species. Some of them are among the largest of their kind in North America while others are exceedingly rare.A Shopping HavenBargains are just as plentiful as blooms, as fabulous shopping, including tax-free shopping on clothing and shoes, can be found throughout the region. King of Prussia Mall, the largest retail complex on the U.S. East Coast, features over 400 stores that include Neiman Marcus, Lord & Taylor, Bloomingdales, Macy’s and an impressive collection of luxury retailers, such as Cartier, Gucci, Louis Vuitton and Williams-Sonoma. Nearby Philadelphia Premium Outlets has 150 outlet stores offering 25 percent to 65 percent savings from brands including Ann Taylor, Coach, Abercrombie & Fitch, Brooks Brothers and Nike.Electronic shopping takes center stage at QVC. The QVC Studio Tour allows you to experience a live television broadcast, where you can see how products are brought to life on air and delivered to millions of customers. Afterward, the studio store is available for shopping. Unique shopping options can also be found throughout the small towns and villages around Brandywine and Valley Forge as well as at the gift shops in the world-class museums and attractions.World-Class MuseumsThe region also has museums appealing to all tastes, from high art to lowbrow comedy. The Brandywine River Museum displays an unparalleled collection of illustrations, still lifes and landscapes by three generations of the Wyeth family. The Wharton Esherick Museum celebrates the “Dean of American Craftsmen” and his fanciful woodcarvings. The John James Audubon Center contains a copy of his “Birds of America,” printed and hand colored from copper plate engravings.At the other end of the spectrum, The Stoogeum stands as tribute to the comic artistry of The Three Stooges. Inside, a steady stream of their short films plays in an 85-seat theater, where visitors are free to sit back and giggle after viewing some 3,000 pieces of Stooges memorabilia.