For outdoors enthusiasts, mentioning the famous mountain town Breckenridge, Colorado, conjures up images of legendary skiing, scenic hiking, epic mountain biking and trophy-winning trout fishing. Founded during the Gold Rush of the mid-1800s, Breckenridge has retained its pioneer, mining-town feel while playing up its enviable natural beauty and adventure-oriented activities.

A Winter Bucket-List DestinationWith 762 centimeters of snow annually and nearly 1,200 hectares of ski terrain on five towering peaks, Breckenridge Ski Resort earned its place on every ski fanatic’s bucket list. From November to April – one of the longest ski seasons in the USA – ride the highest chair lift in North America to reach meticulously groomed trails and four thrilling terrain parks to practice your stunts. Breckenridge’s best-kept secret is its spring ski season, which extends into mid- to late-April. Lift and accommodation rates are lower, crowds have thinned out, springtime festivals have started and the mild weather makes for fabulously sunny days and easy-to-ski snow.Activities Heat Up When the Snow MeltsAnother rush of activity starts when the snow melts and the mountains reveal opportunities for time on the trails. Gear up for biking – whether it’s on winding roads, hard-core mountain trails or the family-friendly Blue River Recreational Path – or hiking hundreds of kilometers along spectacular peaks and ridges. Book a guided fly-fishing trip to catch trout in the Blue River, try paddleboarding on Maggie Pond or go white-water rafting in Browns Canyon. Tee off at Breckenridge Golf Club, home to a Jack Nicklaus-designed 27-hole municipal course with Tenmile Range mountain views. In the summer, Breckenridge Ski Resort offers Epic Discovery that features adventure-filled family activities like zip lining, hiking, a ropes course, mountain biking and chairlift rides. Ever try dog sledding in the summer? Call Snow Caps Sled Dogs to reserve a one-of-a-kind experience. If you visit in the fall, save space on your camera to capture photos of the brilliant foliage or plan your trip around a fall festival. One of the largest Oktoberfests in the Rocky Mountain region, brings a weekend of parties, polka, German cuisine and plenty of Paulaner beer to pour in a collectible stein imported from Germany.Historic Town and Bourgeoning Cultural SceneWith one of the largest historic districts inColorado, walking along Main Street’s quaint storefronts is like taking a step back in time. The Old West-style architecture feels like something out of a movie set. Check out the ever-growing collection of breweries, distilleries and wineries along with globally inspired dining options ranging from Thai to Mediterranean. Be sure to order a drink at the Gold Pan Saloon, serving thirsty patrons since the late 1800s. Artists and performers congregate in the Arts District, where visitors can browse all types of creative businesses, including art galleries, performance venues, colorful cafes and public art installations. The town’s events calendar is chock-full of concerts, dances, stage performances, art exhibits, heritage events, creative workshops and family-oriented activities.