Known as “Nature’s Place to Play,” Brooksville and Weeki Wachee live up to this moniker with spectacular parks and waterways, plentiful trails and captivating wildlife. Bordered by the Gulf of Mexico and the Withlacoochee River, this area is prime for outdoor exploration. You’ll also get a taste of Southern hospitality, soak up centuries of history and find time for family fun. A location just 45 minutes north of Tampa and less than 90 minutes west of Orlando makes Florida’s Adventure Coast slightly off the beaten path, yet easily accessible from major highways. Lodging options appeal to a variety of preferences, from campgrounds and recreational vehicle parks to national hotel chains and waterfront vacation rental homes.

Mild to Wild Outdoor AdventuresWhether you like to explore at a leisurely pace or areseeking an adrenaline rush, Brooksville and Weeki Wachee have something for everyone. With 10 locations along the Great Florida Birding and Wildlife Trail amid vast parks and preserves, there’s plenty of opportunity to spot rare and local migratory birds, as well as Florida black bears, bobcats, turkeys, wild hogs and gopher tortoises. Take a hike or horseback ride on trails that wind through forests and over scenic rolling hills. The Florida National Scenic Trail meanders through the eastern side of Hernando County, including through Cypress Lakes Preserve. Cyclists have their pick of some of the best paved bike trails in Florida, such as the Withlacoochee State Trail, and a network of off-road, unpaved trails. Kick things into high gear with an off-road experience at Croom Motorcycle Area, where you can ride four-wheelers or dirt bikes.On the water, manatees, dolphins and sea otters are often visible just offshore. Get a closer look by canoeing, kayaking or stand-up paddleboarding on unspoiled waterways and marshes, including the Bayport-Linda Pederson Paddling Trail. Or go below the surface on a snorkeling or diving excursion to one of the reefs on Florida’s Adventure Coast. A can’t-miss attraction is Weeki Wachee Springs State Park and its spring-fed water park, river cruise and daily underwater mermaid performances.Fresh CatchAfter you work up an appetite on your adventures, head to local eateries for delicious seafood and award-winning Southern cuisine. Access to so many waterways means some of the best fresh and saltwater fishing on Florida’s west coast, from ecologically rich inshore waters and shallow salt marshes to deep-sea fishing in the Gulf of Mexico. Depending on where you go, you’re likely to find snook, cobia, redfish, tarpon, grouper and more. Each summer, you can experience the thrill of ascallopingtour; Brooksville-Weeki Wachee is the southernmost region with a full season of scallop diving from July through September.Historical FloridaFlorida’s Adventure Coast brims with fascinating history, including eight sites listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Explore Historic Downtown Brooksville’s notable buildings and homes using the interactive Tour BVL QR codes as you stroll down oak-canopied streets. Highlights include the May-Stringer House at 601 Museum Court, and the 1885 Brooksville Train Depot and museum. Follow the Florida Mermaid Trail for a fun scavenger hunt to locate more than 30 hidden mermaid statues throughout downtown Brooksville, or take a drive down the Mermaid Tale Trail to see life-sized mermaid statues in some of Hernando County's most beautiful landscapes. Outside the city, Chinsegut Hill Historic Site sits atop one of the highest points inFlorida. A stately two-story manor overlooks the 46-hectare preserve, surrounded by ancient oak trees dripping with Spanish moss. Take a guided tour of the house on weekends or explore the grounds on your own.