Utah’s Bryce Canyon City, often referred to as Bryce Canyon Country, is the gateway to Bryce Canyon National Park, a red-rock wonderland so awe-inspiring that even the best cameras have a hard time capturing its full brilliance. The landscape is so unique, legendary and mind-boggling that it requires standing next to it, inside of it and above it to appreciate its singular beauty. The contrasting colors, textures and rock layers make Bryce Canyon a paradise for photographers, hikers and families looking to reconnect with nature – and with each other.

Top Attraction: Bryce Canyon National ParkBryce Canyon National Park is home to the world’s largest collection of hoodoos – tall and thin rock spires of multiple colors and varying thickness. The rare geological formations rise from the ground in abundance and leave visitors in complete amazement. The hoodoos are a must-see at sunrise and sunset, when the orange glow makes the rocks come alive and casts long shadows deep into the natural amphitheater.More Parks and MonumentsBryce Canyon is just the beginning of all the family-friendly and adventure-filled attractions. The area around Bryce Canyon Country is also home to the white sandstone domes of Capitol Reef National Park, the layered plateaus of the Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument and the tall chimney rocks of Kodachrome Basin State Park.The Dixie National Forest covers four geographical areas and elevation zones. The Escalante Petrified Forest provides an up close experience with thousands of pieces of petrified wood, calcified fossils and dinosaur bones, while Panguitch Lake is known for having some of the largest rainbow trout in Utah.Epic Road TripsAlong Scenic Byway 12, motorists travel 200 kilometers of striking canyons and plateaus that earned the highway the exclusive title of an All-American Road, a designation given to only the most unique roadways that qualify as "destinations unto themselves.” The one-of-a-kind journey continues with more breathtaking scenery on Heritage Highway 89 and Scenic Byway 143.Unmatched StargazingEven though Bryce Canyon Country is just a few hours from Las Vegas and Salt Lake City, it’s far enough from the city lights to have one of the darkest skies in North America. At night, the towering rocks disappear, enveloped by such intense darkness that city slickers can hardly believe their eyes when they gaze skyward and see thousands of brilliant stars.Winter WonderlandWhite snow juxtaposed against the crimson earth makes Bryce Canyon even more stunning in the winter. Visitors witness firsthand the eroding forces that created the thousands of hoodoos. The crisp winter air allows the human eye to see for miles.Framed by intense blue skies and bold red rocks, the snow-covered trails take cross-country skiing, horseback riding and snowshoeing to a new scenic level. Other wintertime activities include ice skating, snowmobiling and horse-drawn sleigh rides.Take Your TimeBryce Canyon Country offers so much to see and do that the best advice is to take your time. The canyons are calling; take time to soak in the surprising scenery, catch the setting sun and take home a lifetime worth of memories.