Just 32 kilometers from downtown Los Angeles, 24 kilometers from the beach and 8 kilometers from Disneyland, Buena Park has plenty of fun for all ages. The most famous settlers to the city were the Knott family, who envisioned a world-class destination and turned their simple 1920s berry stand and tea room into a beloved theme park and water park. While the berry fields are now gone, visitors can still enjoy delicious food made with the berry that Walter Knott first created in 1932, the boysenberry.

Fun for the Whole FamilyNo visit to Buena Park would be complete without a day – or two, or three – at Knott’s Berry Farm, a 65-hectare theme park set on a one-time berry farm. Make no mistake: Knott’s is designed with the entire family in mind, with rides that run the gamut from twisting, turning, heart-pounding roller coasters to bumper cars, carousels and log flumes. Camp Snoopy, a Peanuts Gang-themed area for children houses kid-friendly attractions, live shows and meet-and-greets with Snoopy. In the summer, drop into Knott’s Soak City water park with dozens of thrilling slides, relaxing cabanas and one of the world’s longest lazy rivers.Delicious DiningMost visitors don’t know that Buena Park also has a wide selection of popular restaurants including the award-winning Porto's Bakery & Cafe. The authentic Cuban restaurant serves mouth-watering pastries, flavorful sandwiches and unique coffee creations. Mrs. Knott’s Chicken Dinner Restaurant has been serving its world-famous fried chicken, buttermilk biscuits and boysenberry pie for more than 75 years. Other top-notch international eateries include Yoshiharu Ramen, Gaucho Grill Argentinian Steakhouse, SUP Noodle Bar, Miss Shabu Restaurant & Sake Bar, and Michelin Bib Gourmand-recipient Ramen & Tsukemen TAO.Even dinner is entertaining in Buena Park with three interactive dinner shows. Climb aboard an 18th century ship and join a swashbuckling crew at Pirates Dinner Adventure, a show with sword fighting, duels and aerial stunts. Feast like royalty at Medieval Times Dinner & Tournament featuring a joust competition, complete with horses and clashing knights. For adults, there’s Beach Boulevard Club, a dueling piano bar with vintage Hollywood allure.