World-class architecture, a vibrant arts scene, thriving neighborhoods and a resurgent waterfront: It’s all in Buffalo, New York, a classic American city undergoing a 21st century renaissance. Buffalo has all the excitement and offerings of a major city at a fraction of the price. Situated on Lake Erie, less than 30 minutes from Niagara Falls, this city famous for its exemplary architecture by Frank Lloyd Wright, Louis Sullivan and H.H. Richardson is also a fun trip for the whole family.

Prominent HistoryThere are many ways to experience Buffalo’s rich history. Walk where President Theodore Roosevelt took the oath of office at the Theodore Roosevelt Inaugural National Historic Site. Tour the former home of an American industrial magnate at Frank Lloyd Wright’s sprawling Martin House Complex. Step back in time to the golden age of jazz at the Colored Musicians Club and Museum, take a Buffalo River History Cruise to see one of the world’s largest collections of grain elevators up close, or learn the story of the city at the Buffalo History Museum.High CultureBuffalo’s artistic and architectural legacy is evident throughout its city blocks. Visit the Albright-Knox Art Gallery to see a “who’s-who” of modern masters on display, including Jackson Pollock, Pablo Picasso and Andy Warhol. Stop at the Burchfield Penney Art Center – devoted to representing the work of Western New York artists – and peruse its 30 annual exhibitions. There are multiple ways to tour the Frank Lloyd Wright-designed Graycliff estate (“The Jewel on the Lake”) uncovering everything from the site’s historic landscape to its interior. Visit Roycroft Campus – a peaceful reformist community of artists – and see the buildings as well as past and current works of authentic Arts and Crafts artists. Step back in time at the palatial, restored Shea’s Performing Arts Center, the anchor of Buffalo’s Theater District, catching a Broadway show while there. When it comes to architecture, downtown does not disappoint: City Hall is a fantastic example of an Art Deco building, while several other structures here reflect the best in period architecture.Revitalized FunRecently, Buffalo has entered a new chapter: whole neighborhoods have been revitalized and former industrial areas repurposed as parks, craft breweries and spaces for food truck rodeos and weekly concerts. Green space and bike trails line the city’s lakefront, and new hotels, restaurants and hundreds of weekly events populate Canalside, Buffalo’s inner harbor. Business districts like Elmwood Village, Allentown and Hertel Avenue are bustling with boutiques, restaurants and nightlife options. Families will have plenty of fun at the Buffalo Zoo, Buffalo Museum of Science and Buffalo and Erie County Botanical Gardens, while a natural wonder of the world, Niagara Falls, is just a short drive away. Hikers and day-trippers can find great outdoor adventures along the Niagara Gorge and Zoar Valley.