If you want to go behind the scenes of Hollywood’s latest blockbuster or see your favorite television stars in action, Burbank is the place to be. Recognized as "Media Capital of the World," Burbank beckons you to stroll through star-filled neighborhoods, dine at legendary restaurants, discover unique shops, take in a live TV taping and create your own vacation hideaway. It’s also convenient to many of Los Angeles’ most exciting attractions, making Burbank an ideal setting to enjoy movie magic, connect and network, or simply relax and soak in the sun.

Much to Explore Where Stars Live and WorkDiscover Hollywood glamour while taking in the quintessential Southern California lifestyle. Lounge by the pool one day, hike in the Hollywood Hills the next or take a horseback ride through 80 kilometers of trails in Griffith Park. Golf lover? Practice your swing at the 18-hole Par-3 course at the DeBell Golf Club.Explore the sets of your favorite movie and television shows at the Warner Bros. Studio Tour Hollywood. Visit iconic backlots at the world’s busiest film and television studio, and see soundstages where today’s hottest TV shows and movies come to life. The Stage 48: Script to Screen offers the chance for you to design your own movie costume, take a screen test on the Central Perk set from “Friends" and race through the streets of Gotham on a Bat-pod.Burbank is home to many of the world’s most prominent film and television studios, and there is always an opportunity to see your favorite shows being taped live. Attending a live studio taping gives you an interactive experience in entertainment.Plenty of Options for Dining and ShoppingBurbank neighborhoods are unique destinations in themselves. Experience downtown’s vibrant street scene with Flappers Comedy Club, AMC Burbank Theaters and Burbank Town Center, and get into Magnolia Park’s retro vibe with Playclothes Vintage, Audrey K and Porto’s Baker & Café, named by Yelp as the No. 1 Place to Eat in the USA. Other options include the Airport District’s high-tech and big-retail convergence, and the Media District’s exciting dining options such as Olive & Thyme, the original Bob’s Big Boy, and Simplethings filled with studio executives. The Media Capital of the World appeals to every kind of traveler.Easy Access to Exciting AdventuresEscape the hustle and bustle with easy access directly into Hollywood Burbank Airport. Arrive in the heart of the action with the airport nearest to Los Angeles' most famous attractions and close to Burbank's 18 hotels, which include everything from the charmingly affordable and family-friendly to sophisticated chic boutiques. A few appear regularly in film and TV shows.From Burbank, it’s easy to experience the best of Los Angeles. Adjacent to Universal Studios Hollywood, and just minutes from the Hollywood Bowl, the Walk of Fame, Griffith Observatory and the Rose Bowl Stadium, a Burbank vacation makes for an ideal Southern California adventure.