With the Adirondack Mountains to one side and picturesque Lake Champlain on the other, Burlington, Vermont, is an outdoor-lover’s destination, beloved for its natural beauty and down-to-earth spirit. As the state’s largest city, Burlington also has plenty of in-town attractions, including a thriving food and brew scene and the youthful vibe of a college town.

The Lure of the Lake and a Lively DowntownLake Champlain is the centerpiece of activity. Look for the lighthouses on a narrated boat tour, cycle the Burlington Bike Path along the shore, go fishing or enjoy the views from a marina. Learn about lake history at the ECHO Leahy Center for Lake Champlain, a hands-on center which is great for families. For fun on the water, head to the Lake Champlain Community Sailing CenterBattery Park, which overlooks the lake, is perfect for scenic strolls and seasonal festivals. You won’t need a car to explore the four pedestrian-only blocks of shopping, dining, pubs and street performers at Church Street Marketplace. Much of the marketplace is a National Register Historic District, with some buildings dating to the 1820s.Marking its Place in HistoryExperience 18thcentury life at the Ethan Allen Homestead, the final home of the American Revolutionary War hero. There’s a park next door with walking trails and an observation tower, a perfect photo opportunity. Just south of the city is the Shelburne Museum, a must-visit for its extensive collection of Americana and folk art housed among 39 historic buildings. It’s especially fun for families, with a circus exhibit and carousel, passenger train, old steamboat, covered bridge and round barn.Adding to the Allure of BurlingtonMain Street rises from the waterfront to the University of Vermont, replete with handsome 19thcentury buildings. Catch a show at the Flynn Center for Performing Arts, housed in a 1930s Art Deco theater, or head to Pine Street in Burlington’s south end for art galleries and artisan shops. There you'll also find events like Art Hop, Backside 405 and Friday Night Truck Stop, which features live music and food trucks.