What started as a family-owned ranch is today a thriving city on California’s Central Coast. Located in Ventura County (north of Los Angeles), Camarillo is just 20 minutes from the water, offering easy access to the beach and Channel Islands National Park. In the city, one of the biggest draws is the discount shopping at Camarillo Premium Outlets as well as local museums and the charming streets of Old Town Camarillo. With 33 unique venues and more than 300 days of sunshine, Camarillo is also a popular wedding destination.

Shops and Entertainment AplentyLocals and travelers love the discounts at Camarillo Premium Outlets. Among the 160 stores, you’ll find premium brands including Kate Spade New York, Coach, Nike, Lululemon, Barneys New York Warehouse, 7 for All Mankind and many more. In fact, you can make a full day of it by catching a movie at the on-site IMAX movie theater and stopping for a casual meal afterward. Finish your shopping at the locally owned boutiques and galleries of Old Town Camarillo. Old Town is a great place for dinner – options range from Mexican to sushi – and after dark, it comes alive with funky bars and live music.Museums, Parks and Adventures in CamarilloThe World War II Aviation Museum houses a rare assortment of war-era planes that are still flown in air shows today. See the world’s largest collection of bird eggs and nests at the Western Foundation of Vertebrate Zoology. Check out the beautiful Camarillo Ranch House, the Queen Anne-style home of the city’s namesake Adolfo Camarillo (tours are available on weekends).You won’t be able to resist getting outdoors to enjoy the near-perfect, sunny weather. Soak in the views of citrus groves from Camarillo Grove Park, or head to the coast for kayaking, diving, hiking and camping at Channel Islands National Park. This group of five islands is accessible by boat or a scenic flight with Channel Islands Aviation. Need more of a thrill? Adventurous types can learn to skydive with Skydive Coastal California or fly an ultralight plane over the picturesque coast with Skyrider Ultralights.Eat Like a LocalCamarillo’s agricultural roots can be found – and tasted – in markets and restaurants throughout the city. On Saturday mornings, discover the area’s tastiest, direct-from-the-farm produce at the Camarillo Certified Farmers Market. Goods sold here have been inspected and certified by the state to be locally grown. Visit McGrath Family Farms for in-season crops and U-pick produce (call for availability). For local dining options, the place to be is Old Town. Favorites include breakfast at Old Town Cafe, seafood at Lure Fish House and soft-serve ice cream from Mister Softee. At Institution Ale Company, you can see the production room from the bar as you sip your craft beer.