Cape Cod and its islands of Martha’s Vineyard and Nantucket are celebrated for their unadulterated beaches and New England seaside way of life. The windswept coastline gives way to dramatic views of the Atlantic Ocean, which is often lit up at night by historic lighthouses or bonfires on the beach. The 15 towns and handful of fishing villages contribute to the region’s maritime character and air of romance, offering everything from glasswork studios and vineyards to gabled inns serving straight-from-the-ocean seafood. Go on a whale watching tour or visit a working artist’s colony. Take a lobster roll cruise or play golf. Either way, you’ll be beckoned back to the beach. Visitors to Cape Cod will have an unforgettable experience on these beautiful coastlines.

From Sea to Bay and Beyond in Cape CodThe 64 kilometers of shoreline span six beaches, but the sand feels endless at Cape Cod National Seashore. Swim and beachcomb, or, for more action, cycle along the Shining Sea Bikeway or go surfing. To see more of Cape Cod’s natural habitat, head to Nickerson State Park to fish for trout or go canoeing. Hike trails at Cornelia Carey Sanctuary, known as The Knob, to a protected and scenic harbor. Monomoy National Wildlife Refuge, a migratory bird preserve, offers visitors a chance to engage with wildlife.Pilgrimage to the LightBecause its peninsula is shaped so irregularly, Cape Cod is studded with lighthouses of all shapes, sizes and colors. Some are viewable only from a ferry tour, but five are open to the public. Highland Light, known as the Cape Cod Lighthouse, is the oldest, built in 1797. At Nauset Lighthouse, go on a full moon tour. Combine a hike with a tour and walk the 3-kilometer path to Race Point Lighthouse. Want to test out the lighthouse lifestyle? At Wings Neck Light, spend the night in the keeper’s home.Treasures in the TownsEach town has its own character, making Cape Cod a patchwork of influences, from progressive Provincetown, an artistic community with a thriving nightlife, to Hyannis, where you’ll find the John F. Kennedy Museum. Don’t miss the Sandwich Glass Museum, Cape Cod Museum of Art and Aquarium of the National Marine Fisheries. Both Nantucket and Martha’s Vineyard can be reached by ferry, and once there, toured by bus, bicycle, on foot or by boat. On Martha’s Vineyard, see the island’s oldest one-room schoolhouse and the Vincent House Museum. Explore Nantucket’s whaling history and admire its architecture, museums and historic sites.