Each year, Cape Girardeau, the largest city between St. Louis, Missouri, and Memphis, Tennessee, entertains visitors from across the world. With more than 250 years of rich history and heritage, the story of Cape Girardeau is a tapestry woven with the river, life, hospitality, art and discovery. Perched on the western bank of the Mississippi River, Cape Girardeau is a town touched by the likes of Mark Twain, Lewis and Clark, and Ulysses S. Grant.

The history of Cape Girardeau flows through its people, and warm smiles and firm handshakes are quickly followed by fascinating stories of life past and present. When you arrive in Cape Girardeau, you’ll be instantly captivated by the beauty and mystery of the Mississippi River. Like an old friend, the river invites you to sit down, relax and reminisce about the days of pioneers, trading posts and steamboat captains.Here you can walk along a section of the Trail of Tears National Historic Trail, stroll across one of Missouri’s four remaining covered bridges, shop for that one-of-a-kind vintage heirloom in a veritable treasure trove of antique stores, play at one of our family friendly attractions, enjoy a world class theater production, view murals that stretch the length of the entire historic downtown area, or step back in time at any number of historic attractions.Historic Old Town Cape is the heart of the original community and current home to a charming array of restaurants, boutiques and historic landmarks. Standing guard between the downtown area and the mighty river is a protective flood-wall that features magnificent murals chronicling the history of Cape Girardeau and its unique relationship with Ole Man River.As its ever-changing waters glide effortlessly toward distant shores, the Mississippi lavishly nourishes the landscape around Cape Girardeau. Breathtaking scenery and wildlife abound, and the overwhelming splendor of nature is on display.Enjoy a stay at one of the area’s charming bed-and-breakfast inns or numerous hotels. Replenish your spirit with a night of theater at the state-of-the-art River Campus. Refresh your senses with a round of golf or a trip to one of the region’s celebrated wineries.Need some retail therapy? Cape Girardeau has just what you need with dozens of antique and specialty shops that offer a nostalgic journey to earlier times. Then stay for dinner at one of Cape’s acclaimed restaurants.Cape Girardeau is more than just a destination – it’s an experience. Cape offers the perfect blend of bygone charm and modern comfort. So come, see for yourself what all the talk is about.  Inspiration, warmth and hospitality still exist in a place that is uniquely Cape Girardeau.