Capturing an ideal combination of relaxation and engaging experiences, Carlsbad offers amazing weather for soaking up a prime Southern California coastal stay any time of year. When not playing or lounging on the beach you can head over to the only LEGOLAND® in the western United States, sightsee natural wonders and area museums, savor a wealth of dining options with flavor and style, stroll through a walkable coastal village and much more. Delight in incredible views, laid-back vibes and comfortable lodging in every corner of this dreamy beachside city.

Adventures for all AgesBricks, bricks and more bricks! LEGO® fans of all ages will have the thrill of a lifetime at LEGOLAND® California Resort. The mega-sized theme park offers memorable family fun with over 60 rides and entertaining live shows. Find more to explore in The LEGO® Movie™ World, LEGOLAND® Water Park and SEA LIFE Aquarium. To get a sense of the history and culture of the area, Carlsbad Village is the ideal place to go, with its tree-lined streets, shops, hotels and assortment of restaurants and quick bites.Natural WondersWondering where to explore first in the Carlsbad area? For many, the main attraction is the sandy beaches. They’re especially wonderful in September and October, given the mild temperatures and smaller crowds, but they are great places to escape and stroll from sunrise to sunset all year long. Several dot the shoreline, including Carlsbad City Beach and South Carlsbad State Beach. Admire views of the Pacific Ocean from a number of charming beachfront resorts, like the stylish Beach Terrace hotel.If you’re looking for active adventures, look no further. Carlsbad is home to the volcano Mount Calavera. Hike to its peak to enjoy panoramic views of the city below, and don’t worry about getting too close: This volcano has been extinct for about 30 million years. Hike on scenic paths or set out on a mountain bike to explore over 100 kilometers of outdoor trails. Before you head out on your excursion, stop by The Camp Store makes for a great jumping-off point for yourSouthern Californiaadventures, where you can pick up camping supplies or rent a surfboard or bodyboard. You’ll even find dining and live music at the area's only bluff-top restaurant.Museums and Local ColorYou can discover something new and take in spectacular beauty at Carlsbad’s many museums and cultural hotspots. Take a hands-on tour of the Museum of Making Music, where exhibits, live performances and unique educational opportunities delight music enthusiasts of all ages.See the 11-hectare Leo Carrillo Ranch, where you'll enjoy spotting the beautiful peafowl as much as touring the historic buildings of this spectacular Spanish-style property and community park developed by actor and preservationist Leo Carrillo.Nature lovers can’t miss Carlsbad Aquafarm: Farm tours, tastings and a discovery walk give visitors a one-of-a-kind chance to learn about eco-friendly techniques and equipment used for growing and harvesting oysters. Continue to explore the natural world with a visit to the world-famous Carlsbad Flower Fields, gardens in the rolling hills of San Diego County that come alive with color each spring. The gardens, filled with Tecolote Giant Ranunculus flowers, form one of the most spectacular displays of nature’s bounty and vibrant color anywhere. Enjoy wagon rides, butterfly gardens, bird aviaries, a sweet pea maze and more.