Carson City, the frontier town flanked by the Sierra Nevada Mountains and fed by the Carson River, is as known for its rugged landscape today as it was in the 19th century, when writer Mark Twain called it a “desert, walled in by barren, snow-clad mountains.” Outdoor pursuits are a launching pad for adventure in the capital city, whether it’s mountain biking on trails, fishing, hiking, paddling or flying over the snow on skis. Visitors also will find museums, art galleries, a picturesque historic district and a trendy dining scene. They get a warm welcome, too; Carson City is known for its laid-back hospitality.

The Great OutdoorsCycling is a way of life in Carson City, where backcountry or mountain bike riders can try out historic flume trails dating to the 1850s. Those preferring to be on the water can head to Washoe Lake State Park for boating, fishing and paddling opportunities in addition to a majestic view of the Sierra Nevada range. A trip to Fuji Park and Fairgrounds, which frequently hosts rodeo, livestock and motorcycle shows, will remind you the city was settled by ranchers. Children will enjoy Mills Park, which includes a mini-railroad and a skate park. If you’re feeling bold, go hang gliding over Lake Tahoe.History Along the TrailSometimes the best way to learn a city’s story is to walk right through it, which is the theory behind the Kit Carson Trail, known as the “Blue Line Trail.” On this route, you’re guided past 60 historic places, including the Governor’s Mansion, The Brewery Arts Center and the Nevada State Capitol. For more perspective, visit the Nevada State Museum, itself a historic building, which offers a replica of a ghost town and a recreated 19thcentury mine to experience.Assorted AttractionsAfter a thrilling bike ride, paddling adventure or mountain climb, a visit to Carson Hot Springs, a natural attraction since 1849, is the cure. The mineral water flows at a steady 49.4 degrees Celsius year-round. In town, visit the Nevada State Railroad Museum to learn all about the Virginia and Truckee Railroad and see dozens of locomotives and train cars. The Stewart Indian School will give you an education in a boarding school project that spanned 100 years and once removed children from their families. The site’s 63 structures are on the National Register of Historic Places.