No Western adventure is complete without a visit to Casper, a central Wyoming destination featuring incredible scenery, outdoor activities and big-city amenities. Robust with pioneer history, visitors can catch the frontier spirit by touring historic trails, Independence Rock, the National Historic Trails Interpretive Center or the Mormon Handcart Center. Whether Casper becomes an overnight stop on your way to Yellowstone or a weekend-long break before visiting Mount Rushmore, make sure your itinerary includes Casper.

Welcome to a Picturesque and Peaceful TownNestled in the North Platte River Valley at the base of iconic Casper Mountain, Casper is a picturesque American town – uncrowded, peaceful and welcoming to visitors. Regal mountains are visible from everywhere in town, and the spectacular North Platte River runs right through Casper. Even when you’re experiencing pastoral downtown, you’ll be engulfed by the idyllic beauty that you came to see in the West. You’ll see antelope grazing on residents’ lawns, and if you ever run into a traffic jam, baby deer crossing the road are typically the source of the delay. Sunrises bathe the town in pink, sunsets burn fiery orange, and a night under the clear Casper stars will be one you’ll never forget.In the Water and on Mountain RangesAs you plan a trip packed full of outdoor adventures, your stop in Casper will be the perfect addition. Experience world-class fly-fishing in the North Platte River; American Angler magazine named “The Miracle Mile” the No. 1 Big Fish Destination. With the river practically overflowing with enormous rainbow and brown trout, fishing in Casper is a staple during any Wyoming vacation. If you’re new to fishing, Casper has some of the country’s best guides to help perfect your cast. After you’ve made the catch of your dreams, rent an inner tube and float down the North Platte or take a leisurely, restorative walk along the Platte River Trails.While fishing is a top attraction, Casper’s recreational possibilities are nearly endless. Casper Mountain is rife with hiking, mountain biking or backpacking opportunities. Share the thrilling experiences of western pioneers by walking the Mormon, California or other historic trails. If you’re looking for a more relaxing stop, enjoy the unspoiled, rustic beauty of Casper Mountain with a scenic drive and picnic lunch. Mountains are hardly Casper’s only natural attraction. The Alcova Lake reservoir is perfect for raw beauty, unique geology or basking in sunshine. Visitors can rent boats, water skis and other equipment, camp at Okie Beach, climb Pathfinder or build sandcastles at Sandy Beach.City Comforts in the Western SettingWhile your Western expedition should be an escape into nature, Casper is the ideal blend of mountainous environment and city comfort. You’ll enjoy outstanding restaurants and the perfect balance between local and national shopping. You’ll find everything from fashion toWyomingsouvenirs, and you can satisfy any lingering cravings for sushi, hibachi or other exotic tastes before you’re completely immersed into the wild.When you’re planning your dream Yellowstone vacation, schedule a stop in Casper for pristine scenery, endless activities and big-city amenities.