With 15,540 square kilometers of mountains, rivers, forests and parkland, you’ll barely know where to begin your adventure in the Catskill Mountains Region of New York State. Adventure and peace, fine cuisine, homey diners, breathtaking vistas and a quaint covered bridge over a babbling brook can all be found in this beautiful region of Delaware, Greene, Sullivan and Ulster counties.

Haven for Recreational SportsIf it’s adventure you seek, then look no further. Take a deep breath of fresh air as you explore mountain vistas or travel downstream on a raft or kayak. The new generation of extreme sports fanatics will enjoy zip-lining and mountain biking, while traditionalists will revel in the an abundance of areas for hunting, hiking and fishing.The Catskills also offer plentiful golfing experiences. From tee to green, you’ll find lush fairways amidst rolling hills with courses for golfers of every skill level. Winter time opens even more doors with thousands of kilometers of trails for cross-country skiing and snowshoeing. With nearly 100 peaks at 915 meters and above in elevation, downhill skiers and snowboarders of all levels will find a challenge and adventure at every turn. Enjoy five exceptional ski areas, as The Catskills features Belleayre Mountain, Holiday Mountain, Hunter Mountain, Plattekill and Windham.A Region Steeped in HistoryThe Catskills were the USA’s original frontier, and you can find the majesty from which the nation's forefathers drew both inspiration and comfort in this beautiful region. From the legends of Rip Van Winkle, to the battlefields of the Revolutionary War, the stories of U.S. history are detailed through many sites in the region. Icons such as artist Thomas Cole and author John Burroughs told the world of the beauty of wilderness from their homes in the Catskill Mountains.Abundance of Amenities Await VisitorsNestled along main streets and tucked into the mountainside are many of the finest shops and restaurants you’ll ever find. Whatever you’re craving, The Catskills region offers hundreds of dining options to suit your palate. World-class cuisine or home-cooked comfort food, it’s your choice. Take a stroll through along one of the quaint main streets to work up an appetite. Don’t forget to explore the many locally owned shops for that perfect souvenir of your visit.Whether you’re looking for a world-class resort, budget-friendly hotel, quaint bed-and-breakfast, campground or private rental, you’ll find the perfect place to stay in The Catskills. Breathtaking balcony views, award-winning spas, internationally inspired menus and fun activities for children are just some of the amenities available when you stay at a Catskills resort. Sit back and relax on the porch of a country inn, delight in the historical ambience of an old home turned bed-and-breakfast, or curl up by the fire in a cozy lodge. Get back to nature for a relaxing retreat, complete with lush foliage, beautiful scenery and the company of local wildlife.It’s hard to imagine a vacation in The Catskills without the thought of camping. From public campgrounds to full-service camping resorts, there’s something for everyone. Roast marshmallows, sing a campfire song or pitch a tent with a fabulous view. Enjoy a vacation that gets back to basics. Whatever your experience level, explore the many options for adventure in the great outdoors.