Sitting on the banks of the Cedar River, Cedar Rapids, Iowa, emanates positivity, thanks both to its friendly locals and an exciting revitalization effort that is sweeping the city. From urban renewal projects to thriving community culture, this Midwestern U.S. city is a pleasing blend of history and progressive energy. Stroll the city’s historic architecture, do some shopping and enjoy the flourishing food-and-drink scene.

Historic Cultural VenuesCedar Rapids celebrates its history by preserving its classic architecture. Stunning, ornate Paramount Theatre opened in 1928 as a movie palace and still hosts concerts, Broadway shows and dance performances. Take an educational stroll through one of several cultural centers, such as the National Czech & Slovak Museum & Library, the interactive Indian Creek Nature Center and the historic Queen Anne-style mansion and grounds known as the Brucemore estate. Don’t miss the Grant Wood collection at the Cedar Rapids Museum of Art. During the summer months of June through August, travel back to the late 1800s and early 20thcentury with a tour of Usher’s Ferry Historic Village for a glimpse of small-town farming life.Eclectic ShoppingTake home locally produced foods, jewelry, soaps and more with a visit to shopping hub NewBo City Market. Or grab souvenirs and treats from the assortment of quirky shops, old and new, in the Czech Village New Bohemia Main Street District. Established in the heart of the city by Czech immigrants, this bustling area is also a hub for the arts and festivals. For made-in-Iowa fare, grab lunch at Farmer’s Daughter’s Market before checking out the market’s locally made goods.Fresh Takes on Food and DrinkCedar Rapids is home to dining options for virtually every palate. Go upscale with the seasonal menu at award-winning Cobble Hill Eatery & Dispensary. Enjoy an Italian meal in the historic People’s Savings Bank that’s now elegant Popoli Ristorante and Sullivan’s Bar. Sip a craft cocktail or beer while sharing an appetizer at hip, modern White Star Ale House. Looking to quench your thirst? Cedar Rapids is home to many award-winning wineries and breweries, such as Cedar Ridge Winery & Distillery, Lion Bridge Brewing Company, Iowa Brewing Company and Another Road Brewing.