Charlotte, North Carolina is a city with several personalities. It’s famous as the epicenter of thrilling NASCAR auto racing, but it is also a refined, cosmopolitan metropolis with numerous stately neighborhoods, notable museums and memorable restaurants. In addition to its warm Southern hospitality, Charlotte features great spots for outdoor recreation and specialty shopping that draws visitors from all over the country.

Charlotte City Attractions“Uptown” Charlotte (which is actually downtown Charlotte) is where you’ll find the museums: the Levine Museum of the New South, the Mint Museum Uptown and the youthful ImaginOn are some of the local standouts. For a young, hip vibe, head to the tattoo parlors and live music venues of the NoDa arts district, or browse the funky boutiques and eateries in Plaza-Midwood. At the multi-functional EpiCentre in the heart of the city, visitors can find nightlife, cafes, shops and a rooftop terrace. For great finds at budget prices, shoppers will love the Concord Mills shopping mall and the Charlotte Premium Outlets. Cap off your day with a meal and a drink at one of the many craft breweries around town, a gourmet food truck, a local farmers’ market, or a classic Southern eatery like Midwood Smokehouse.The Sporting LifeSixteen NASCAR teams are based in and around Charlotte, which is why the NASCAR Hall of Fame and Hendrick Motorsports Complex are top attractions in town. If you want to see an actual NASCAR race, head to the Charlotte Motor Speedway. There are plenty of other professional spectator sports that visitors can take in as well: Carolina Panthers football, Charlotte Hornets basketball and Carolina Hurricanes hockey.Get OutdoorsWithin the city limits, grab a picnic lunch and stroll through Freedom Park. Further afield are many opportunities for kayaking, canoeing, river rafting and tubing at places like the U.S. National Whitewater Center and Lake Norman. There are also more than 40 golf courses in the greater Charlotte area.