West Virginia’s capital city is set in a seriously sweet spot. On one side, the Kanawha River meets the Elk River; on the other, rolling hills offer a natural playground. This city’s small scale and well-defined districts and neighborhoods make it easy to walk or bike around. Sophisticated Charleston is also a gateway to bigger, bolder outdoor activities that await visitors to the region, such as skiing, whitewater rafting and rock climbing. Hip, homey and historic, this city offers plenty to explore, including lots of shopping and dining, gardens and parks.

History Lessons at the State CapitolThe West Virginia Capitol Complex is a trip back in time. Clustered here are several landmarks to be toured, including the Capitol building itself, whose gold-leaf dome is taller than the U.S. Capitol’s, while the Governor’s Mansion is a fine example of Georgian-style architecture. Nearby, the West Virginia State Museum documents the state’s history through exhibits and displays. Along the Kanawha River, you’ll find Charleston’s contribution to the national Civil War Trails program.Mountain Adventures in the Great OutdoorsCharleston makes it easy to get out into nature. Start with Sunset Carriage Trail, a gentle one-kilometer trail designed for pedestrians. Head to Kanawha State Forest or Coonskin Park for more hiking and biking (the forest even has a pool). In the middle of the river and connected to land, you’ll find Magic Island, a park that offers beach volleyball and other fun. Play golf on one of eight courses close to downtown or head out for something more adventurous – within an hour’s drive, you have access to mountain biking, skiing, canoeing and canopy tours.Vibrant Entertainment SceneCharleston is a city that comes together for festivals and art-related events all year long. To join the celebratory scene, spread out your picnic blanket at Haddad Riverfront Park, which offers free concerts, or head to the symphony, opera, ballet or theater, all of whom routinely perform at the Clay Center for the Arts & Sciences. This cultural hub also includes Avampato Discovery Center with its domed Electric Sky Theater. Cruise along the Kanawha River onSpirit of West Virginia, an authentic sternwheel paddleboat. For shopping, head to Charleston Town Center Mall, whose three stories feature 130 shops and eateries, or the Capitol Market, which is located in an old train station and sells local and artisanal goods.