Set amidst verdant forests and scenic Lake Chautauqua, the Western New York towns of Chautauqua and Jamestown offer enjoyable outdoor recreation, abundant cultural activities and a culinary scene inspired by fresh ingredients sourced from numerous regional farms. Visit in the spring and summer for fabulous weather and fun on Lakes Chautauqua and Erie, take in the stunning foliage in autumn, or enjoy winter sports at ski resorts throughout the greater Chautauqua-Allegheny Region.

Enjoy the OutdoorsThe area’s deliciously fresh, clean air comes courtesy of its plentiful forests and parks. Allegany State Park, the largest in New York’s state park system, offers nature trails, hiking, biking, horseback riding and camping; in winter, park visitors enjoy snowmobiling and cross-country skiing, as well. Birding is another great option for enjoying the area’s natural beauty; head to the Ripley Hawk Watch at the shore of Lake Erie or the Audubon Community Nature Center in Jamestown, where you can stroll on tranquil trails, then see Liberty, the center’s resident bald eagle. Skiers and golfers should check out Peek’n Peak Resort or Holiday Valley.Celebrate Arts and CultureSince 1874, the Chautauqua Institution has garnered fame with its lineup of concerts, lectures and educational programs in art, literature, religion and recreation. There are more than 2,000 events held during the institution’s nine-week summer season. About 45 minutes away by car, visitors can see exhibits and artifacts related to the history of the native Seneca Nation of Indians presented at the Seneca-Iroquois National Museum in Salamanca. And don’t miss a visit to the Lucille Ball-Desi Arnaz Museum & Center for Comedy in Jamestown, full of “I Love Lucy” memorabilia and re-creations of sets from the beloved 1950s TV show.Taste Regional FlavorsLake Erie’s Wine Country is home to 23 wineries set along an 80-kilometer stretch of the lake’s southern shore. It's the largest grape-growing region east of the Rocky Mountains and the wineries are open year-round. The most avid grape aficionados can plan a visit to the Grape Discovery Center to learn the history of the region’s grapes and purchase local grape products. Also take time to sample craft beer and liquors at Southern Tier Brewing Co., Ellicottville Brewing Co. and Five & 20 Spirits and Brewing, a combination winery, brewery and distillery. Satisfy your sweet tooth at Sprague’s Maple Farms, serving hot pancakes dripping with locally made maple syrup. Visit some of the 100-plus Amish farms selling produce, handmade quilts, furniture and baked goods that are found on New York’s Amish Trail. Once known as the “Cheese Capital of the World,” the hamlet of Cuba is home to the Cuba Cheese Shoppe, a beloved maker of tasty cheeses you can take home in a gourmet gift basket.