Wyoming’s capital city conjures up romantic images of the Old West – cowboys, rodeos, railroads and the majestic High Plains. Just 145 kilometers north of Denver, Colorado, Cheyenne invites travelers to step back into time when Wild Bill Hickok and Calamity Jane tore through the streets. The legend of Cheyenne exists in the past, but today’s Cheyenne is writing a new story with a diverse music scene, public works of art, museums and a variety of dining and local craft beverage creations.

Capital City of Old West CharacterNo trip to Cheyenne is complete without seeing the iconic Wyoming State Capitol Building, a National Historic Landmark where women were first guaranteed the right to vote and hold public office in the USA. Nearby, the Wyoming State Museum gives even more perspective on the state’s background. Explore Downtown Cheyenne’s Western stores and museums, or take a historic walking tour to immerse yourself in thespirit of the Old West– it’s everywhere. Enjoy Western themed public art, shopping and dining. See the Cheyenne Gunslingers perform, or visit Terry Bison Ranch to experience the cowboy life: With 12,000 hectares and 2,300 grazing bison, the ranch is the perfect place to put your newfound Western education to work.The Rugged and Not-So-Rugged OutdoorsThe city offers plenty of outdoor adventures, from horseback riding and rock climbing to fishing and mountain biking. Cheyenne is also the gateway to some of the nation’s most beloved parks and monuments: In less than a day’s drive, you can reach South Dakota’s Mount Rushmore and Black Hills, Colorado’s Rocky Mountain National Park orWyoming’s Devils Tower National Monument, Yellowstone National Park and Grand Teton National Park. Head to Curt Gowdy State Park and Vedauwoo Recreation Area to see striking granite towers and rock formations (hike, camp or mountain bike while there).The Cheyenne Botanic Gardens is a neat counterpoint to the rugged outdoors. Set on the high planes and featuring hectares of varied environments, its features include a large indoor conservatory, a Peace Garden, Discovery Pond and The Paul Smith Children’s Village, which teaches kids about sustainable food production practices and more.Cheyenne’s Railroad HistoryNot to be outdone by the cowboys and rodeos, railroad historians claim Cheyenne as “America’s Railroad Capital.” Cheyenne Depot – understood to be one of the most beautiful railroad stations in the USA – and the Depot Museum are must-sees for aficionados and laymen alike. Go on a fully-narrated tour of the city via the Cheyenne Street Railway Trolley, or take a gander at Big Boy Steam Engine in Holliday Park, the world’s largest steam locomotive. Visit the Union Pacific’s Heritage Fleet, which houses three of the company’s only working steam engines.