Bordering Chicago along Lake Michigan, Chicago’s North Shore is considered one of the most scenic areas in the metropolitan area, combining the proximity to downtown Chicago (16 kilometers) with the charm and diversity of the area’s prosperous communities. Home to hotels and bed & breakfast inns, this is an ideal spot to base your Chicago visit. Take the city’s above ground rail train to Chicago’s city center; the ride alone is a great sightseeing adventure. Some of Chicago’s best attractions are on the North Shore, with abundant free parking. Walk the tree-lined streets, sample from globally-inspired menus and enjoy a sunrise over the lake; you can always get back to the big city later.

World-class Culture and AttractionsYour trip begins in Evanston, home of the Halim Time & Glass Museum. Nearby, visit the Charles Gates Dawes House, the historic home of the former vice president. Continue with a leisurely stroll through Northwestern University’s ivy-lined campus. Continue north with a relaxing drive along the region’s famed Sheridan Road, which hugs the lakefront. This gorgeous, winding stretch of road offers the most spectacular views of gracious homes, famed architecture and the bounty of nature. Just north, you will find the Grosse Point Lighthouse, built in 1873 and designated a National Historic Landmark, and the Bahá’í House of Worship, the only one in North America.The Chicago Botanic Garden, with its world-renowned plant collections and displays, is one of the country’s most-visited public gardens. You can explore dozens of natural gardens from the brightly colored and whimsical to the peaceful, subtle and serene. Nearby, the Ravinia Festival offers world-class performing arts throughout the summer in a lush outdoor setting.The Illinois Holocaust Museum, the third largest holocaust museum in the world, brings a unique cultural experience to the Midwest where visitors can explore important issues of tolerance and be inspired to take a stand against hatred, prejudice and indifference. The North Shore Center for the Performing Arts in Skokie is the premier entertainment venue of the North Shore, presenting world-class theater, dance, music and comedy.At The Grove in Glenview, explore the 60-hectare prairie grove first settled in 1836. Included are two historic homes, a Native American village, log cabin, schoolhouse, greenhouse and many interpretive trails. Children love Kohl Children’s Museum, also in Glenview, which allows kids from birth to age 8 hands-on play in interactive exhibits. Kids can get a taste of yesteryear at Wagner Farm. Milk a cow, hear a rooster marking time and see how bread is made in a wood burning stove at this genuine American farm.Spectacular Shopping and DiningChicago’s North Shore has become a foodie destination with new additions of hot restaurants in Downtown Evanston. A stop at Wheeling’s famed Restaurant Row is a must. World-class shopping centers such as Westfield Old Orchard, The Glen Town Center and Northbrook Court are retail favorites, while the downtowns of Evanston, Glencoe and Winnetka offer cosmopolitan boutiques with genuine neighborhood flair.