Experience midwestern charm mixed with top-notch attractions, delectable eats and smooth brews. Overlooking the mighty Ohio River, this compact metro gives big-city feels, but its affordability and easy navigability make the Queen City stand out. Cincinnati boasts a robust arts scene and one-of-a-kind events year-round, all while being surrounded by rolling hills and natural beauty just waiting to be explored. The Midwest should no longer be considered flyover territory; Cincinnati is a gleaming example of a true cosmopolitan city in the heart of the USA.

Downtown Packed with AttractionsCincinnati’s downtown features an exciting assortment of world-class attractions and entertainment, all easily reached by the free streetcar system, with 18 stops on its 5.8-kilometer track through skyscrapers. Catch a Cincinnati Reds or a Cincinnati Bengals at their stadiums on the banks of the Ohio River. Smale Riverfront Park and Yeatman’s Cove provide green space with skyline views, as well as access to pedestrian bridges connecting to Northern Kentucky. The National Underground Railroad Freedom Center is a can’t-miss institution highlighting the city’s crucial role in helping runaway slaves. Historic and vibrant Findlay Market, the oldest public market in the state, houses 50-plus merchants selling everything from fresh produce and meats to flowers and gifts, plus year-round street performers and special events. See free cultural events or enjoy the seasonal ice rink at Fountain Square, and catch musical performances at the Cincinnati Music Hall or adjacent Memorial Hall, both located in Washington Park.Only in CincinnatiSee masterpieces by artists new and old at the Cincinnati Art Museum, the Contemporary Art Center or the Taft Museum of Art. Wave hello to Fiona the Hippo at the world-class Cincinnati Zoo & Botanical Gardens. Enjoy the neon glow at the USA’s largest collection of signs at the American Sign Museum. The Cincinnati Museum Center houses an interactive art and Children’s Museum in its gorgeous art deco building. Spend your day on roller coasters and waterslides at King Island amusement park and adjacent Soak City water park. See your favorite musical artist at amazing venues like Bogart’s Concert Hall, Andrew J. Brady Music Center, Riverbend Music Center or TQL Stadium, the home field of Major League Soccer team FC Cincinnati. Pay homage to Cincinnati's rich history of music-making at the Cincinnati Black Music Hall of Fame. Try your luck at the Hard Rock Casino Cincinnati. To see a special view of this amazing city, take a BB Riverboats Tour.Culture-Driven Foods and BrewsSee, or rather taste, the world right here in the Queen City, built upon a true blend of cultures. Cincinnati-style chili is a product of Greek settlers and a must-try during any visit. The area’s large population of German settlers brought with them “goetta,” a tasty breakfast sausage. Germans have such a strong presence that many German-style breweries have popped up, and the city’s annual Zincinnati Oktoberfest is the largest such gathering outside Munich itself. Over-the Rhine, Cincinnati’s oldest neighborhood, now has breweries like Rhinegeist, Christian Moerlein, Northern Row and more along the Brewing Heritage Trail of Cincinnati, where you can also tour historic sites like the building of the trailblazing John Kauffman Brewing Company. Stop by for a taste of the more than 80 breweries and taprooms in the Cincy area, then take a short trip over the Ohio River to sample craft spirits along The B-Line®,Northern Kentucky's self-guided bourbon trail.