This former industrial city of 2.1 million people has proudly transformed itself into a friendly cultural oasis offering “world-class experiences without the world-class ego.” Ringed by parkland and set on the shores of Lake Erie, Cleveland offers Midwestern grit mixed with cosmopolitan pleasures; visitors can spend equal amounts of time perusing the city’s first-rate museums as they can downing kielbasas and brews while cheering on the city’s famous local sports teams. A good time can be had by all in this city that continues to evolve.

Museum CentralCleveland’s signature museum is the I.M. Pei-designed Rock & Roll Hall of Fame. Nearly half a million people come here every year to attend concerts and admire the artifacts that celebrate everyone from ABBA to Frank Zappa. But that’s only one of many amazing museums and attractions in the city. At the Cleveland Museum of Art, entry is free and you can see more than 45,000 objects spanning 6,000 years. And at the Cleveland Museum of Natural History, bones, gems and a planetarium take you on a journey through Earth and space. Kids love the Greater Cleveland Aquarium, the Great Lakes Science Center and above all, the Cleveland Metroparks Zoo. Military buffs, head to the USS COD Submarine Memorial and tour the vessel responsible for sinking 12 Japanese ships during World War II.Sports, Professional and RecreationalCleveland has three professional sports teams, so seeing a game is a must if you’re visiting during season. Have time for a day trip? Head down to Canton and tour the Pro Football Hall of Fame. Those who want to do more than just watch can bring their own game to any of the 18 parks that comprise the Cleveland Metroparks system, unofficially called the “Emerald Necklace.” Spanning almost 9,300 hectares, it includes 100 walking and biking trails, eight golf courses, five swimming areas, 22 kilometers of lakefront and even toboggan chutes.Neighborhoods and NightlifeThe best neighborhoods for restaurants and nightlife include University Circle, Tremont, Cleveland Heights, Ohio City, Shaker Square, Little Italy, Collinwood and Detroit-Shoreway. You’ll find everything from funky pierogi joints to breweries to farmers markets to fancy fusion cuisine made by celebrated chefs. In this music-oriented town, it’s a no-brainer to cap off your evening with a visit to the House of Blues, Playhouse Square, Severance Music Center (home of The Cleveland Orchestra), or BOP STOP at The Music Settlement.