Colorado’s second-largest city has evolved from a quaint, 1870s Victorian resort town into a modern, sophisticated destination. Its progress hasn't erased its charm and outdoor wonders. Located 96 kilometers south of Denver, Colorado Springs features breathtaking scenery, friendly people and outdoor adventure. The National Trust for Historic Preservation selected Colorado Springs as one of its Dozen Distinctive Destinations for its walkable historic areas, commitment to sustainability, natural attractions and opportunities for recreation.

Exploring the Pikes Peak RegionPikes Peak, known as America’s Mountain, is the second most-visited mountain in the world – after Mount Fuji in Japan. Three historic trains – The Broadmoor Manitou and Pikes Peak Cog Railway, Royal Gorge Route Railroad and Cripple Creek & Victor Narrow Gauge Railroad – offer scenic rides around the region. Visit the U.S. Olympic & Paralympic Museum, one of the most accessible and interactive museums in the world. Other favoriteattractionsinclude the Royal Gorge Bridge, the highest suspension bridge in North America; Cheyenne Mountain Zoo, sitting in a beautiful mountain setting; and the Colorado Wolf & Wildlife Center, a sanctuary for wolves, coyotes and foxes. The Pikes Peak Summit Visitor Center is a stunning new building that offers educational exhibits and gorgeous views of the surrounding landscape.Recreational Opportunities from Tame to ExtremeJust minutes from the city, foothills and mountains offer recreational opportunities, including beginner and advanced hiking and cycling trails. Don’t miss the towering red sandstone rock formations in Garden of the Gods Park, a National Natural Landmark, which you can tour by car, Jeep, Segway, electric bike, trolley and horseback. Go whitewater rafting on the Arkansas River and hike through Florissant Fossil Beds National Monument to see fossils and petrified redwood tree stumps. Hike up and see the beauty of The Broadmoor Seven Falls and zipline above the pine forest. Explore historic gold mines, many of which are still working today – Cripple Creek & Victor Gold Mine and Mollie Kathleen Mine are great choices – and take a lantern tour in Cave of the Winds. Relax with a slow-paced stroll to taste the waters of the various mineral springs of Manitou Springs, then tackle an extreme hike on the Manitou Incline trail above town. Cycling enthusiasts can ride down Pikes Peak Highway, and those seeking even more adventure can climb via ferrata routes at the Royal Gorge Bridge & Park and Cave of the Winds Mountain Park.Local Culture and AccommodationsExperience the region's culture at museums, galleries, shops and attractions. Learn how the region became known as a wellness destination at the Colorado Springs Pioneers Museum, follow a dynamic guide at the Western Museum of Mining and Industry, and see tools of the trade at the ProRodeo Hall of Fame & Museum of the American Cowboy. Take time to walk quaint city streets enjoying fabulous shopping, dining and craft beverages in the historic districts of downtown Colorado Springs, Manitou Springs and Old Colorado City. InColorado Springs, take a self-guided tour of Art on the Streets exhibits scattered throughout the charming downtown.You’re sure to find the perfect place to stay when choosing from unforgettable options like The Broadmoor, The Mining Exchange Hotel, Kinship Landing and Garden of the Gods Club & Resort, as well as cabins and glamping tents at Royal Gorge Cabins in Canon City. Families will enjoy the indoor water park at the Great Wolf Lodge resort, adventurers will love the dude ranches, and outdoor enthusiasts will feel right at home in nearby cabins or at a campground or RV park.