Be amazed at the variety of things to do in the neighborhoods surrounding Columbus, Ohio. Expect affordable luxury, a creative culinary scene and top-notch attractions in this Midwest hub. Delight in the vibrant ways to explore the state capital, from the charm of German Village to the trendy Short North Arts District to exciting riverfront experiences along the Scioto Mile. All of this and more earned Columbus a place on the New York Times’ list of “52 Places to Visit in 2019.” A great bonus to visiting Columbus is convenience – you’ll be only a one-day drive or one-hour flight from more than half of the USA's population.

Delightfully Diverse NeighborhoodsSeveral neighborhoods are within walking distances of Columbus’ lively downtown. Admire the 19th century brick buildings and browse shops lining the streets in historic German Village and nearby Brewery District. Take a sweets break and try cream puffs and pastries at local eateries, and end the visit listening to music and sipping locally made beer. Enjoy visiting arts collectives, sampling spirits and soaking up the industrial vibe of nightlife in Franklinton, just west of downtown on the banks of the Scioto River. In the Short North Arts District, walk along High Street, stopping in eclectic boutiques and art galleries, then enjoy drinks and dinner at one of the acclaimed restaurants. You’ll see more than 30 murals in this neighborhood; use the Journey AR Mural mobile app for a virtual reality experience while gazing at three murals on the Graduate Hotel. Columbus’ neighborhoods host festivals nearly every summer weekend, and there are light displays in the winter, so there’s always something fun to do.Indulge in Great FoodEmbark on a tour with Columbus Food Adventures to discover why Columbus was named one of “32 Places to Go (and Eat)" by Food & Wine Magazine. You’ll find a culinary scene with international influences from Somalia, El Salvador, Mexico, Yemen, Vietnam and more. Enjoy farm-to-table fare and dishes created by inventive chefs. There’s a bourgeoning focus on new flavors offered by Columbus’ distilleries; try the bourbon, vodka, whiskey, gin and mead. Sip local brews at stops along the Columbus Coffee Trail and Columbus Ale Trail. You’re likely to encounter a food truck while you explore; stop at one and order a tasty snack, perhaps tacos, barbecue or a hot dog. It’s part of the culture here. In August, vendors from throughoutOhioconverge for the three-day Columbus Food Truck Festival. Shop local at the North Market, a public market featuring more than 30 butchers, bakers, grocers and restaurants. Craving dessert? The original location of Jeni’s Splendid Ice Creams is at the market; try the Brambleberry Crisp or Goat Cheese with Red Cherries.Amazing Activities and AttractionsFrom family-friendly excursions to an outstanding performing arts scene, visitors of all ages will enjoy an array of activities in Columbus. Shopping is a big draw in Columbus – from local and international brands at Easton, dubbed the Rodeo Drive of the Midwest, to independent boutiques and shops throughout the city. View nature’s beautiful creations in addition to Chihuly glass artwork at Franklin Park Conservatory and Botanical Gardens, where youngsters will enjoy the Children's Garden. At the Columbus Museum of Art, discover an outstanding permanent collection and sculpture garden. See the museum’s prized contemporary art at the newly acquired Pizzuti Collection, which is about a five-minute drive away. COSI (the Center of Science and Industry) features 300 interactive exhibits and a life-size T. rex display. See more than 9,000 animals at the acclaimed Columbus Zoo and Aquarium, which also includes a water park and 18-hole golf course.