Cooperstown, Utica and the many quaint towns of Central New York draw in visitors with tranquil, scenic landscapes coupled with deep roots in agriculture, brewing and U.S. history. For outdoor enthusiasts, history buffs and foodies, this region surrounding the Mohawk Valley is a dream destination. Here, you’ll find more than 65 craft beverage facilities, 550 agricultural businesses, 560 kilometers of outdoor trails and three centuries of history to explore.

Farm-Fresh FlavorsAcross Central New York’s 10 counties are hundreds of orchards, vineyards, farm stands, farmers markets and agricultural attractions boasting the best of the region’s bountiful harvests. Pick fruit directly from the tree and see cider pressing at an apple orchard. Look for maple syrup harvesting in the spring. Fill produce bags at the massive Central New York Regional Market, featuring wares from local farms and artisans. If you’re a fan of craft beverages, you’re in luck. Central New York is called Brew Central for its huge selection of breweries, wineries, cideries and distilleries. Some popular spots to check out include Brewery Ommegang, F.X. Matt Brewing Company, Critz Farms Brewing & Cider Co., Beak & Skiff Apple Orchards, Adirondack Distilling Company and Owera Vineyards.Unforgettable Outdoor BeautyThe Mohawk Valley is nestled between the Catskills and Adirondacks, two mountain ranges renowned for breathtaking natural beauty. Visit in the fall for some of the most stunning foliage in the USA. Cyclists can spend hours exploring the Erie Canalway Trail and historic U.S. Route 20, each offering distinct scenery and appeal. Scenic train and boat rides will give you fantastic views of the countryside; look into outings offered by Cooperstown & Charlotte Valley Railroad, Cooperstown Cruise Company and the Glimmerglass Queen. If you enjoy time on the water, go fishing, paddleboarding or kayaking at Oneida Lake or Otsego Lake. If a day on the greens is more your style, play a round at one of 60 golf courses. Designed in 1909, the scenic and challenging Leatherstocking Golf Course is considered "one of the best courses to play" by Golfweek.Rich in U.S. History and CultureThe region’s history begins with its Native American inhabitants, who you can learn about at Iroquois Indian Museum and the American Indian collection at the Fenimore Art Museum. Tour Fort Stanwix National Monument, a reconstruction of a Colonial-era fort, and nearby Oriskany Battlefield State Historic Site to understand the area’s significance in the American Revolution. Discover the history and people of the Underground Railroad and abolitionist movement at Gerrit Smith Estate National Historic Landmark and stops along the Madison County and Oneida County freedom trails. Cooperstown is practically synonymous with baseball, so don’t miss a tour of the National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum as well as the fascinating Farmers’ Museum. Other specialty attractions in Central New York include the International Boxing Hall of Fame, Northeast Classic Car Museum and the All Things Oz Museum in Chittenango, the hometown of “Wizard of Oz” author L. Frank Baum.