Corpus Christi is a city where you can truly make your own adventure, whether that means total relaxation on the water or an activity-filled exploration of museums and historic sites. With nine gulf and bay beaches, numerous natural wonders, world-renowned fishing, sailing and outdoor recreation, delicious coastal cuisine and year-round great weather to boot, Corpus Christi makes for an idyllic Texas getaway any time of year.

Museums and History AdventuresExplore the wonders of our world at exciting attractions all across Corpus Christi. The immersive Texas State Aquarium promotes environmental conservation and rehabilitation of wildlife in theGulf of Mexico. Its interactive marine and coastal wildlife experiences offer hands-on fun for all ages. Head to the Corpus Christi Bay to go back in time aboard the USS Lexington, a World War II-era aircraft carrier that’s home to a museum detailing its stunning history. In addition to virtual battle stations, a flight simulator, a 3D theater and 20 historic planes to explore, the Lexington doubles down on adventure with overnight camping, escape rooms and more. Back on land, the Art Museum of South Texas celebrates creativity with intriguing exhibits of art by student artists and renowned masters alike. Create your own masterpieces in the Digital Studio and enjoy family activities in the interactive ArtCade. Corpus Christi Museum of Science and History near downtown features artifacts that tell the story of the area’s history while nurturing an appreciation for science.The Beauty and Wonder of NatureSavor the wonders of nature near the Gulf of Mexico. The Padre Island National Seashore is one of nine Corpus Christi beaches, offering a hidden gem of a national. With hundreds of kilometers of coastline and striking native flora and fauna, you’ll find plenty of places to explore. Don’t miss your chance to take a dip in the Laguna Madre, one of the world’s only hypersaline lagoons. The high salt concentration makes floating along the lake’s surface easy. Back in town, the Bayfront Seawall offers walking and biking trails along a scenic promenade with views of both the ocean and the bay. Along the two-and-a-half kilometer stretch, gaze into the galaxy through the public art exhibition Journey Through Our Solar System. Mustang Island State Park provides a unique barrier island setting for kayaking, birdwatching, camping and fishing. Book a stay at Lively Beach Resort and enjoy private access to the shores of Mustang Beach. At the South Texas Botanical Gardens and Nature Center, learn more about the area’s ecology as you admire beautiful blooms, stroll through the Butterfly House and Wetland Boardwalk and encounter animals like Ivan the Iguana.Restaurants and Music to Satisfy a Texas-Sized AppetiteSavor the flavors of thisTexasgem through chef-driven restaurants, authentic food trucks and incredible Tex-Mex andTexas-style barbecue. The city’s proximity to the Gulf Coast means that seafood is on the menu: Indulge in fresh fish at Doc’s Seafood and Steaks and locally sourced oysters at Waterstreet Oyster Bar. Get a taste of Texas culture while two-stepping to live country music at Brewster Street Icehouse, jamming out to surf rock at Executive Surf Club and getting inspired by the classical sounds of the Corpus Christi Symphony Orchestra: Corpus Christi is home to a thriving live music scene. Wrap up your visit with a stop by the Selena Museum, which tells the story of Selena Quintanilla, the Grammy Award-winning Queen of Tejano Music.