And when you stay in Covington or Newport on the Kentucky side of the river, you’ll discover that this is a destination in its own right. Families love the unique attractions, small-town feel and Southern hospitality. Foodies can’t get enough of the authentic bourbon distilleries, emerging craft beer scene and regional flavors influenced by German and Mediterranean settlers. And no matter your age or interests, the riverfront is a scenic entertainment and event center for all.

Food and Drink FavoritesTraditional Southern cuisine mingles with the culinary influence of 19th- and 20th-century German and Mediterranean settlers. The region’s specialty is goetta (pronounced get-tuh), a German breakfast sausage of ground meat, steel-cut oats and spices. Check out the popular Goettafest, hosted by Glier’s Goetta, to fully immerse yourself in the unique flavor of this dish. Save room for a bowl of Cincinnati-style chili, though. This Mediterranean-spiced meat sauce is another local favorite served in area chili parlors. Try it Coney style (on a hot dog) or “ways” – spaghetti topped with chili and other optional toppings in specific combinations, or ways.Learn about the distilling process and sample authenticKentucky bourbon whiskeyon the B-Line, a culinary experience centered around five Kentucky Bourbon Trail Craft Tour® Distilleries (New Riff Distilling, Boone County Distilling Co., The Old Pogue Distillery, Second Sight Distilling and Neeley Family Distillery), eight bourbon-centric bars and six unique restaurants, cultivating fresh, bourbon-inspired flavors.Fun on the RiverfrontThe Ohio River is a center for entertainment both day and night. Head to Newport on the Levee, an entertainment complex that has both kid-friendly attractions (check out the Newport Aquarium), as well as nightlife, shopping and restaurants. Stroll across the river on the pedestrian-only Purple People Bridge to exploreCincinnatiattractions like the Cincinnati Reds baseball stadium, the historic Over-the-Rhine neighborhood and the family-friendly Smale Riverfront Park. Head back south across the Roebling Bridge (which may look familiar as the prototype for the Brooklyn Bridge) back into Covington, Kentucky, and look for the murals painted on the bridge walls. Another fun way to explore the riverfront is with the Cincy Red Bike, an inexpensive bike-sharing program accessible on both sides of the river. End the day with a sightseeing cruise – the nighttime skyline is captivating.Must-see AttractionsNorthernKentuckyhas unique attractions that continue to grow in popularity. Learn local history with American Legacy Tours, which offers an extensive list of guided excursions – from ghosts and gambling to underground tunnels, breweries and baseball history. Visit the Ark Encounter, an amazing life-sized Noah’s Ark built according to the dimensions in the Bible, and the Creation Museum, a Biblical interpretation of geological and cultural history that covers everything from dinosaurs to evolution.