Dallas is a city rich in culture, history and culinary experiences as well as unique surprises. It’s home to the world-famous Dallas Cowboys, spectacular dining and entertainment, and shopping that will keep you busy for days. It’s the city where Southern hospitality meets a Texas twist.

Only in DallasStart with the true Texas experience at the Texas Horse Park. It’s less than 13 kilometers from downtown, but you’d never know it from the park’s serene horseback trails. For the sports fan, head west for a VIP guided tour at AT&T Stadium, home of the Dallas Cowboys professional football team.For a historic experience, visit The Sixth Floor Museum at Dealey Plaza to walk through a timeline of John F. Kennedy’s life and presidency. You can also explore the George W. Bush Presidential Library and Museum, go inside the president’s decision-making process in the interactive Decision Points Theater and take a photo behind the president’s desk in a full-sized replica of the Oval Office.For a different view of Dallas, head to the Reunion Tower GeO-Deck. The observation deck – 170 meters in the sky – includes an outdoor walkway. Science lovers should stop by the Perot Museum of Nature and Science, home to one of the most impressive gem collections in the USA as well as a recently discovered dinosaur species only available for viewing in Dallas.An added bonus: The Sixth Floor Museum at Dealey Plaza, George W. Bush Presidential Library and Museum, Reunion Tower GeO-Deck and Perot Museum of Nature and Science are CityPASS attractions. With the Dallas CityPASS, you can save 40 percent on admission to four top Dallas attractions.Shopping, Dallas-StyleNo visit to Dallas is complete without a shopping spree. Step into historic West End for souvenirs at Wild Bill’s Western Store. For an upscale experience at one of the country’s most renowned shopping centers, go to NorthPark Center and take advantage of the tax-free shopping available to international visitors.A Taste of DallasNo matter the taste, Dallas delivers. Trinity Groves, a trendy food mecca just west of downtown, features everything from barbecue, sushi and Spanish tapas to Southern comfort food and burgers. Deep Ellum offers bites of delicious Texas barbecue while Tex-Mex favorite restaurants like Meso Maya give you margaritas in every option – savory or sweet, frozen or on the rocks; two may be in order if you can’t decide.Explore Like A LocalMake your way to Klyde Warren Park, where locals and visitors alike join in fun activities like tai chi and chess on the Great Lawn. More into people watching? Grab a patio seat at Savor Gastropub in the heart of the park. Music lovers will be entertained at the AT&T Performing Arts Center with a night of performances at the Wyly Theatre or Winspear Opera House, or melodious music at the Meyerson Symphony Center. For a night out, head over to the Oaklawn neighborhood, the LGBT center of Dallas and one of the most gay-friendly neighborhoods in the country. Don’t miss country dancing at the Round-Up Saloon. You can also drive north of Dallas to Southfork Ranch, the original filming location of the hit TV show "Dallas" that aired from 1978 to 1991.