Thrill-seekers and relaxation enthusiasts alike will delight in Daytona Beach, where it’s just as easy to experience the excitement of a NASCAR race as it is to kick back along nearly 40 kilometers of sandy Florida shores. Beaches and cars aren’t the end of the story, though: Venture off the beaten path to discover scenic state parks full of diverse wildlife, museums celebrating Florida’s artistic heritage and plenty of spots of interest for maritime history buffs.

Many Ways to Hit the WaterIt’s no secret that Daytona Beach’s gorgeous stretches of shoreline are a huge draw for water-loving travelers. Experience a taste of Old Florida charm on a stroll down the Daytona Beach Boardwalk and Pier, where you can enjoy a seaside arcade, embark on fishing excursions and more. Cruise the sand by motorcycle or car (yes, you can drive on these beaches!) to be treated to unique views of the sparkling waters of the Atlantic Ocean. For a bird’s-eye view, climb the 203 steps to the observation deck of Ponce Inlet Lighthouse, a National Historic Landmark. To spot birds and other native critters up close, visit Tomoka State Park and rent a canoe or kayak to paddle picturesque marshes.Motorsports, Museums and MoreDaytona Beach has been a hot spot for racing enthusiasts since the 1930s, when it wasn’t uncommon to see automobile and motorcycle races zooming up and down the beach. NASCAR, the USA’s most iconic motorsport, was born here, and race fans still flock to the Daytona International Speedway each winter to cheer on their favorite drivers in the Daytona 500. No trip to the Daytona International Speedway is complete without a visit to the memorabilia-rich exhibits of the Motorsports Hall of Fame of America. If fine art is more your speed, immerse yourself in the Cici & Hyatt Brown Museum of Art, where the world’s largest collection ofFloridaart hangs on display in six splendid galleries. Science buffs can’t miss the Marine Science Center for a chance to feed stingrays while learning about the area’s unique ecology.Florida Festivities All YearThere’s always something happening in Daytona Beach, whose locals refer to it as the Festival Capital of Florida. Motorcycle aficionados can enjoy group rides, live music and motorcycle races at the speedway during yearly Biketoberfest® and Bike Week events. Music fans are welcome here, too, and they’ll delight in a full slate of year-round concerts at the waterfront Daytona Beach Bandshell, as well as music festivals like Welcome to Rockville and the Summer in the Circle Concert Series. Pick up a souvenir from a local artisan at the monthly Riverfront Market along the scenic Riverfront Esplanade, then catch a Daytona Tortugas baseball game in nearby Jackie Robinson Ballpark. Plus, the Orlando metropolitan area is just an hour away by car, making Daytona Beach the perfect gateway for a tour of Central Florida and beyond.