The essence of Denton is “original.” What fuels such a culture? The pursuit of passion. It’s driven by the creative energy of two major universities, a vibrant arts scene, a burgeoning music industry and an innovative business climate. Denton values originality as a place and as a people. Makers come to shape and build. Creators come to imagine and design. Entrepreneurs come to invent, to dream and to do.

Denton is not about joining and conforming. It’s about vision and blazing new trails. People in Denton believe moving forward comprises respecting the past and appreciating the present. The 160-year-old downtown, for example, pulses with life, business and entertainment. Progress and sustainability are interdependent – keeping, repurposing, melding old and new like art.The Denton brand looks a bit weathered. That’s on purpose. It’s like a favorite pair of jeans. They’re worn often and fit comfortably. That’s how Denton fits, too.The independent spirit welcomes the world-weary to chillax. It is a comfortable, genuine place to simply kick back. There are year-round, diverse opportunities for visitors to find their thing: great festivals, museums, art galleries, live theater, local eateries, unique shops and music. Lots of music.The music scene is a great example of original and independent. It’s been evolving and internationally recognized for decades, but it’s difficult to define. There is not a specific “Denton sound” that anyone can identify in a word. Rather, the sound is a combination of writers, musicians, poets and venues with their own messages, rhythms, tunes and atmospheres, and listeners get the entire breadth.Another stellar example of original and independent is the beautiful North Texas Horse Country surrounding Denton. This region has the highest concentration of equine diversity of anywhere else in the world. Virtually every breed and discipline are represented among 30,000 horses and more than 400 horse ranches spread among rolling hills and lush countryside. Bus tours and self-guided driving tours invite visitors to see, experience and learn from top-of-the-equine-world breeders and trainers. Meeting famous horses is one of the favorite takeaways.Denton is all about doing your thing your way. Dentonites call it “Dentoning.” It’s done independently beside, among and in tandem with one another, generating a vibrant and original culture.