With 300 annual days of sunshine, Denver is a year-round destination that combines urban excitement with rich Western heritage and a passion for the outdoors. Its walkable downtown features chef-owned restaurants, brewpubs, professional sports, shopping, family attractions, arts and culture. Denver is also the premier gateway to the best of the Western USA’s national parks, including Mesa Verde, one of four national parks in Colorado, as well as Yellowstone in Wyoming and the Canyonlands in Utah. Best of all, you can skip the rental car. The airport rail takes you from Denver International Airport to the city center; bike sharing and public transportation is abundant in the city.

Downtown and Notable Neighborhoods in DenverDenver’s walkable downtown is filled with outdoor cafés, breweries, wine bars, shops, professional sports stadiums, theaters and museums. Get around to different neighborhoods by foot or by bike, cruising into RiNo (River North) Art District known for its urban food halls, intimate music venues and street art around every corner. Visit historic LoDo (Lower Downtown) and shop or dine in Larimer Square, where the red-brick Victorian buildings will take you back in time. It’s a shopper’s paradise in Cherry Creek North, home to a 16-block region of luxe boutiques, galleries and restaurants as well as 160 upscale stores at Cherry Creek Shopping Center. Immerse yourself in the city’s craft beer culture on the Denver Beer Trail and take a selfie with the Big Blue Bear sculpture, known formally as “I See What You Mean,” at the Colorado Convention Center. Grab a drink at historic Denver Union Station, where you’ll find an eclectic mix of restaurants, bars and locally owned shops under one roof. Don’t miss historic Rockmount Ranch Wear, where the snap-button cowboy shirt was invented.Museums in the Mile-High CityDenver offers museums and cultural attractions for all ages: the Denver Museum of Nature & Science, with its dinosaur exhibits, Space Odyssey, digital planetarium and IMAX theater; the Denver Performing Arts Complex, home to 10 venues offering theater, opera, symphony, ballet and Broadway touring shows; History Colorado Center, telling the stories ofColoradoand the nearbyRocky Mountains; Denver Botanic Gardens, a lush oasis in the middle of the city; the Denver Art Museum, with its acclaimed American Indian and Western art collections; and the Clyfford Still Museum, showcasing the work of this American abstract expressionist. Purchase a Mile High Culture Pass or Denver CityPASS for discounted admission to participating museums andattractions.Rocky Mountain AdventuresThe Rocky Mountains are Denver’s backyard playground, offering outdoor adventures, spectacular beauty and Old West history just a short drive from Denver. Red Rocks Park & Amphitheatre is a local favorite for hiking amid the giant boulders, but Red Rocks is even more beloved for its legendary concerts in the only naturally formed, acoustically ideal venue in the world. Nearby Golden is home to the famous Coors Brewery, the world’s largest single-site brewery where visitors get tours and free samples. Rocky Mountain National Park, just 114 kilometers from Denver, features amazing wildlife, hiking trails and spectacular vistas. Mount Evans Scenic Byway, which is 96 kilometers from Denver, is the highest paved road in North America, winding its way to a 4,346-meter summit. And, come winter, Denver is the gateway to some of the world’s best skiing and snow sports.