The northern region of Puerto Rico is notable for its mammoth limestone hills capping the area’s lush green forests. This geologic formation is known as “karst,” land shaped over centuries by limestone’s erosion. It lends the region its unique landscapes, from the rock formations on beaches of Dorado to the natural wonders of Arecibo to the nature reserves of Manatí. Whether you’re looking to relax on the beach, explore breathtaking caves, learn about the island’s rich history or play a little golf, Puerto Rico’s northern region is a memorable escape.

A Day at the BeachSoak up the Caribbean sunshine with a day of beach relaxation. Popular beaches in Dorado include Balneario Manuel Morales and Ojo del Buey beach (don’t miss the rock formation that looks like an enormous cow’s head). In nearby Arecibo, La Poza del Obispo offers views of local surfers from sunny vantage points in the sand. The crystal-clear waters are ripe for snorkeling, and the area is also a nesting site for endangered sea turtles. Mar Chiquita is one of the most spectacular natural pools on the north coast, where karst cliffs create a half-moon cove ideal for swimming and sunbathing.Get Immersed in HistoryArecibo is Puerto Rico’s third oldest city. Step back in time with a visit to the Arecibo Lighthouse and Historical Park, built in 1898. It now includes a museum, recreation area and restaurants. Continue your exploration of Arecibo's historic sites with a visit to Casa Ulanga, a storied 1850 building that now serves as a cultural center. In Dorado, learn about local history at the city’s Museo de Arte e Historia, which exhibits artifacts excavated from Ojo del Buey beach, or imagine the island of a past era at Museo y Centro Cultural Casa del Rey, built in a Spanish garrison from 1823.Captivating CavesThe area’s prevalence of limestone also makes it optimal for cave formation. Go underground and explore one of the world’s most impressive cave systems at Río Camuy Cave Park, the third-largest cavern system in the world with 16 kilometers of caverns, 220 caves and an underground river. Keep your eyes open for petroglyphs along the walls of la Cueva del Indio. Look for straw-shaped formations, known as speleothems, at Cueva Sorbetos in Arecibo.Take in the GreeneryThe limestone formations and lush forests of the region make it a beautiful spot for outdoor recreation, landscape photography and golf. Take a moment to relax on a boat ride around Lago Dos Bocas before stopping at a lakeside restaurant. Enjoy mountain biking in the enchanting Cambalache State Forest orhikingand wildlife spotting in Guajataca Forest Reserve. And if you need attire for any island experience, Barceloneta Puerto Rico Premium Outlet Mall features international brands in a vibrant, open-air setting. For golfers, famed Dorado Beach is home to three Tournament Player Club golf courses, known for attracting celebrities from around the world. The courses are surrounded by oceanfront views and offer challenges for all skill levels.