Famed for its importance during the official establishment of the USA, Dover is certainly one of the state’s most historic cities. Walking through Dover’s Green Historic District – commonly called The Green – you can get to know the city’s past in its many notable buildings. Dover is also a city of modern attractions. From NASCAR races at Dover International Speedway to the horse tracks at Dover Downs and impressive aircraft at the Air Mobility Command Museum, Dover blends history and entertainment seamlessly.

From Colony to Cultural CenterLearn about Dover’s role in the ratification of the Declaration of Independence, signaling the country's break from British rule, at the First State Heritage Park. Take a guided tour of the John Dickinson Plantation, the historic home of one of America’s Founding Fathers. For a fascinating look at the evolution of agriculture in the USA, visit the Delaware Agricultural Museum and Village. An ever-growing collection of American art, furniture and other objects is on display at Biggs Museum of American Art. And don’t miss a stop at the Johnson Victrola Museum, honoring the co-founder of the Victor phonograph.Thrilling EntertainmentSpeed seekers, visit the Dover International Speedway. You can drive a race car, ride along with a professional race car driver or catch a NASCAR event. At the Air Mobility Command Museum, climb aboard a massive military aircraft and view planes of all sorts, from World War II aircraft to modern-day jets. Be sure to set aside an afternoon to watch horse racing at Dover Downs Hotel & Casino and Harrington Raceway & Casino.Outdoor RetreatsWhen it’s time to unwind, spend some time exploring Dover’s natural side. Walk the nature trails or cruise the 19-kilometer wildlife drive at Bombay Hook National Wildlife Refuge along Delaware Bay. Go bird-watching, fishing or crabbing at Little Creek Wildlife Area (be sure to consult hunting schedules before you go). At the Delaware National Estuarine Research Reserve – one of only 28 such reserves in the country – go hiking, look for migratory birds and enjoy a tranquil canoe or kayak trip.