Just call this prosperous port city on Lake Superior a nature metropolis. Duluth juts from a rocky hillside and features an unexpectedly rugged landscape, so it’s no surprise that within city limits, you’ll find rivers, creeks, secluded waterfalls and places where deer and bear sometimes show up. It’s no wonderOutside Magazinevoted Duluth “Best Town” in 2014. There are parks, scenic drives and rock climbing all within the city. Duluth celebrates true winters as a year-round destination with vertical downhill and cross-country skiing. Thoughtful amenities, like the 5.5-kilometer climate-controlled skywalk, make it easier to patronize downtown shops, restaurants and bars no matter the season.

The Great Outdoors in All SeasonsPaddleboard, kayak or stroll along the Lakewalk to the shipping pier lighthouses, or relax on Park Point’s sandy beach. Superior Hiking Trail follows the Lake Superior shore and takes hikers over cliffs and valleys, offering panoramic views of the lake, waterfalls and rapids. Duluth’s 120 kilometers of single track is one of few to receive a gold rating from the International Mountain Biking Association. A fully narrated tour on the North Shore Scenic Railroad’s Lakefront line is dazzling in the fall. Spirit Mountain is the place to ski, snowboard, snowtube and even try fat tire mountain biking.A Burgeoning Urban SceneHead to the Historic Arts and Theater District, an emerging downtown area that includes an opera house and Irish comedy pub. Built in 1892, the Duluth Depot is now a mixed-use cultural center, housing four museums, a community playhouse and the Duluth Art Institute. To get a bead on what grand turn-of-the-century living was like, visit Glensheen Mansion, a 39-room estate; take the Nooks and Crannies tour to see the hidden areas. At the University of Minnesota Duluth’s Tweed Museum of Art, view a substantial collection of European and American works as well as one dedicated to the work of Upper Midwest andMinnesotaartists.One-of-a-Kind Travel ExperiencesBuilt in 1939 with regional blue stone, Enger Tower sits on a hill overlooking Duluth Harbor. Take the trails leading up to it, then climb inside and up to several lookout points. The peaceful park features a Japanese garden. No visit here would be complete without seeing the iconic Aerial Lift Bridge, followed by a tour of nearby Lake Superior Marine Museum in Canal Park. Sip on a beer from one of many popular local breweries, and take a Vista Fleet sunset dinner cruise to cap off your stay.