The Eugene, Cascades & Coast region of Oregon offers culinary adventures, an appreciation for local crafts and natural wonders to visitors looking for an unforgettable vacation. With a variety of lodging from name-brand hotels, to locally owned lodges, choices range from ocean views and river front cabins, to a tipi village.

McKenzie RiverWith lush green forests that transition into a display of yellow and red in the fall, the McKenzie River Valley is a year round treasure. The glacier-fed McKenzie River journeys from the Cascade Mountains into the Willamette Valley thundering over multiple waterfalls.In the summer, crystal clear waters provide the perfect place for whitewater rafting or fly-fishing. For those looking to stay dry, numerous hiking and mountain bike trails are available. Don’t miss out on the O’Leary Loop Trail, recognized as an IMBA Epic trail by the International Mountain Bike Association.OakridgeDrive the Aufderheide segment of the West Cascades Scenic Byway, connecting the McKenzie River region to the Oakridge-Westfir area, through miles of old growth forests. Oakridge boasts clear mountain lakes and crystal waterfalls that are easily accessible.Spend a hot summer day kayaking around pristine Waldo Lake, then visit Oregon’s second tallest waterfall (286 ft, 87 m), Salt Creek Falls. Snowshoe to discover a winter wonderland. Known as the Mountain Bike Capital of the Northwest, Oakridge offers more than 300 miles (483 Km) of singletrack trail, complete with shuttles and guide service. End the day with a cask-style beer from Brewers Union Local 180.Eugene/Willamette ValleyEugene and Springfield’s vibrant culture is punctuated with art galleries, museums, and craft markets. Take a stroll through downtown Springfield and discover the Simpsons Mural revealing Springfield astheinspiration for the popular TV show.Eugene/Springfield restaurants embrace farm to table efforts by combining new flavors with seasonal favorites. Fertile valley soils allow the South Willamette Wineries to produce Oregon’s world renowned Pinot Noir wines and inspire craft breweries.Plan your trip and win prizes using the Eugene Ale Trail and Pinot Bingo as your guide to visit breweries and wineries across the county.Get around town like a local on riverside bike paths like the Ruth Bascom Trail, offering waterfront and wildlife views. Explore the Covered Bridge Scenic Bikeway in Cottage Grove passing seven historic covered bridges.Learn about Eugene’s legacy as “TrackTown USA” following the footsteps of track and field legends in the birthplace of Nike at Historic Hayward Field.CoastExperience the Oregon Coast on Highway 101 and Oregon’s most photographed lighthouse, Heceta Head Lighthouse, providing breathtaking coastal views of its rocky shorelines. Visit the Sea Lion Caves, known for scenic vistas and one of North America’s largest sea caves.Old Town Florence is filled with gift stores, coffee shops and restaurants showcasing Oregon’s seafood.Spanning over 40 miles (64K), the Oregon Dunes National Recreation Area is the largest coastal dunes in the US, best seen on a dune buggy, sandboard or an unforgettable horseback ride across the beach.