Siapo, a fine cloth often sold at Fagatogo Marketplace, is made from the bark of the paper mulberry tree. Just across the way from Pago Pago on Tutuila Island lies the village of Fagatogo, American Samoa’s official government seat and a thriving cultural hub for American Samoa.

Bustling MarketCome for the fresh coconut milk, piles of breadfruit and palusami (a dish made with taro leaves and corn beef), and stay for the live music and traditional dances. Fagatogo Marketplace in the town square is teeming with colorful tents and stalls offering food and authentic handicrafts. Every Friday, fishermen bring in the fresh catch, farmers stack the tables with produce and vendors set out their cups of poi fai (banana pudding) against the backdrop of Pago Pago Harbor and misty Rainmaker Mountain. You can chat with locals, shop for Samoan baskets and sample exotic fruits. On Sundays, the marketplace transforms into a center of worship, complete with preachers and Gospel music.Learning from the PastOf the many historic buildings, Fagatogo’s Government House is hard to miss. The handsome white mansion sits on a hill overlooking Pago Pago Harbor. Built in 1903, it serves as the government seat and has played host to nearly every dignitary to pass through American Samoa. While not open to the public, you can climb the steps for an up-close view of this historic landmark. Nearby, the Jean P. Haydon Museum formerly served as a naval commissary and now showcases Tutuila’s past and culture. You’ll find exhibits on everything from Samoan tattooing to traditional canoes as well as three lunar stones gifted to American Samoa by U.S. President Richard Nixon after the Apollo moon missions.Getting AroundPago Pago Harbor is a real port of call with cruise ships and smaller tour boats servicing the surrounding areas. Tutuila’s main bus terminal is just behind Fagatogo Marketplace, but inexpensive, family-run buses make frequent stops and get you to remote places on the island. Visitors can also take a three-kilometer hike via Blunts Point Trail that ends in Fagatogo.