Puerto Rico’s eastern region includes the coastal cities of Fajardo and Río Grande, as well as the bustling “center and heart” of Puerto Rico, Caguas. Together, they offer a crowd-pleasing mix of natural pursuits and man-made charms. Outdoor lovers will be in heaven here, spending days snorkeling, kayaking, hiking and more. Those looking for more laid-back activities will find it in the area’s historic downtowns and first-class accommodations. The area is dotted with forested hills and is most notable for the awe-inspiring El Yunque National Forest.

In and on the WaterThe east coast is also lined with white-sand beaches, offering tucked-away bits of paradise for couples and families alike, and the warm waters of the Caribbean offer a wide variety of adventures. Fajardo is home to many scenic marinas from which to launch a water-based tour of the area, including the Caribbean’s largest marina: Puerto del Rey. Travel by boat to the 10 islands of la Cordillera Nature Reserve to get up close with coral reefs, rarely seen plants, marine animals, reptiles, birds and sea gulls. Explore the water under your own power via kayak, snorkeling or scuba diving. For an unforgettable night, hop in a glass-bottomed kayak at Laguna Grande to see this bioluminescent bay – waters filled with algae that twinkle and glow under the dark night sky.Natural World of the LandThere are few places in the world like the magical El Yunque National Forest. It’s no wonder El Yunque is the island’s most visited spot, with its emerald rainforest, misting waterfalls, spring waters and paved hiking trails. Stop at the park’s lookout towers to see unforgettable views from above before exploring beneath the tree canopies. Adventurous visitors can apply for a camping permit to spend a night in the rainforest. Be sure to pack the proper gear; it rains an average of four times a day in the forest.There are other ways to enjoy land-based pursuits in the areas around Fajardo, Río Grande and Caguas too. The Cabezas de San Juan Nature Reserve in Fajardo introduces visitors to a variety of ecosystems, including dry forests and beaches, perfect for hiking and exploring. While here, enjoy a picnic, rent a bike or fly a kite. Las Croabas features trails and boardwalks for relaxed strolls along the coast. In Caguas, explore the town square for its revitalized dining scene, and stroll the tropical plants and artwork of Jardín Botánico y Cultural William Miranda Marín.Relish Beachfront LuxuryRío Grande, one of the area’s largest towns, is a destination for first-class luxury. Here you’ll find peaceful beachfront getaways like the St. Regis Bahia Beach Resort, Wyndham Grand Rio Mar Puerto Rico Golf & Beach Resort and Melia Coco Beach. The resorts include amenities for all ages, including spas, restaurants, golf courses, swimming pools, casinos, kids’ clubs and more. Explore the island by day and have a luxurious place to return each night.