Fargo, North Dakota’s largest city, may have only 118,000 residents, but its dynamism surpasses the small size. The range of cultural, historical and entertainment opportunities ensures visitors always have something to discover. Children, sports fanatics, foodies and outdoor enthusiasts can all find an attraction or activity to suit, whether it’s at the peak of the cold winter or the height of the glorious summer.

A Nod to Nordic HeritageExplore Fargo’s deep Scandinavian roots at The Hjemkomst Center, which features exhibits about the culture and heritage of the community. Marvel at attractions like the Hjemkomst Viking Ship, a replica of a real Norwegian structure. If you visit in June, attend the Midwest Viking Festival and Scandinavian Hjemkomst Festival in next-door Moorhead, where musicians, craftsmen and chefs bring the Viking age to life.Intriguing AttractionsFargoans are proud of their impressive range of museums, which include the Fargo Air Museum, Bonanzaville pioneer village, Plains Art Museum, Roger Maris Museum (in honor of the legendary New York Yankees baseball player) and the Children’s Museum at Yunker Farm. Stop at the Walk of Fame at the Fargo-Moorhead Visitors Center to see handprints of more than 100 celebrities who have visited Fargo, including Garth Brooks, Chubby Checker, Alabama, Aerosmith and Toby Keith. Other top attractions include the Red River Zoo and the Fargodome, which features a variety of exciting sporting events. Outdoor enthusiasts can kayak or fish on the Red River or explore more than 300 kilometers of bike paths.Movie MadnessDon’t forget to fashion an itinerary that pays homage to the movie “Fargo.” The most popular prop from the film is the infamous wood chipper, which can be seen at the Fargo-Moorhead Visitors Center along with other memorabilia. See the Woodchip Marge statue at the Fargo Theatre and watch the movie there, or go to one of the establishments offering food- and drink-related movie tie-ins. Try the Woodchipper IPA at Rhombus Guys Pizza, Woodchipper Rhubarb Wine at Maple River Valley Winery or the chocolate-covered potato chips called “chippers” at Carol Widman’s.