Located in northwest Arkansas, Fayetteville is primarily known as the home of the University of Arkansas – and you’ll know it during the school year. Students and college sports fans dressed in red and white flood the city, cheering on Arkansas Razorbacks football, baseball and track teams. Fayetteville is also home to several beautiful parks and historic sites related to the American Civil War and Native American history.

Shopping and EntertainmentYour first stop is Downtown Square and Gardens, also known as the Square. Full of colorful flowers and surrounded by shops, restaurants and historical buildings, the Square bustles with locals. Don’t miss the fantastic year-round farmer’s market for local produce and crafts. Explore Dickson Street, the city’s entertainment hub, for daytime dining and fun after dark. Watch a play at TheatreSquared, or a musical performance, stage show or live comedy act at the Walton Arts Center.History Along the TrailsCrisscrossing the entire state, the Arkansas Heritage Trail preserves many important sites. Visit the Trail of Tears Park on the University of Arkansas campus that commemorates the forced journey of American Indians in the 1830s over what has come to be known as the Trail of Tears. Another compelling stop is the Headquarters House, where Union and Confederate soldiers were housed during the Civil War. See former U.S. President Bill and Hillary Clinton’s first home together, including the living room where they were married, at the Clinton House Museum.Family FunGo-karts, laser tag, miniature golf, bumper boats and other amusements provide hours of entertainment at Lokomotion Family Fun Center. The 112 Drive-In Theatre is a throwback to the past; sit in your car while you watch a movie and snack on classic concessions like popcorn, candy and hot dogs. Did you know that Walmart was founded in Bentonville, just 40 minutes from Fayetteville? Tour the original store at the Walmart Museum, see founder Sam Walton’s old red pickup truck and enjoy a nostalgic soda fountain treat. In the nearby town of Rogers, tour the underground cave and go panning for gems at War Eagle Cavern.