Flagstaff is a destination you could spend a week experiencing. It's known for its "7 Wonders," but the iconic natural landscapes and outdoor adventures found here are just the beginning. A casual stroll through historic downtown reveals trendy restaurants, craft breweries and galleries showcasing the local arts scene. Evening brings a lively nightlife and live music at clubs throughout the city, while the expansive skies are clear and dark for stargazing.

Get Outside All YearFlagstaff’s elevation of 2 kilometers above sea level makes for mild summers and snowy winters, meaning that Flagstaff is one of the few places in the Southwest where you can enjoy outdoor activities in all four seasons. Summer in the mountains brings scenic gondola rides, sunset dinners and live music amid the gorgeous pines. During the winter months, this same mountain prides itself on being home to the Southwest’s oldest ski resort: For over eighty years, local families and visitors alike have learned to ski and snowboard at Arizona Snowbowl. Just a few miles north, Arizona Nordic Village offers alluring cross-country skiing and snow-biking courses – and unique lodgings if you choose to stay the night in one of their yurts. Delight in the opportunity to experience the grandeur of Grand Canyon National Park, the cultural wonders of Wupatki and Walnut Canyon National Monuments and the unique seismic topography of Sunset Crater Volcano. Conquer Humphreys Peak, Arizona’s tallest mountain, then head to Coconino National Forest to traverse hundreds of kilometers of hiking and biking trails: It’s all waiting for you in Flagstaff.A Dazzling Desert CityNamed by MSN.com as One of the Ten Most Charming Historic Downtowns in the USA, downtown Flagstaff offers just as much adventure as the natural wonders surrounding the town. These walkable streets play host to more than 25 annual events, from genre-spanning music concerts and Celtic celebrations to food, wine and theater festivals. Designated Arizona’s Craft Beer Town in 2018, Flagstaff has no shortage of welcoming spots to grab a local ale, from trendy microbreweries to community institutions. Explore them all along the Flagstaff Brewery Trail. Collect enough “stamps” from participating breweries on your “passport,” and you'll earn a commemorative gift.From Route 66 to Outer SpaceFlagstaff is a town of many legacies, excelling at down-home hospitality, interstellar discoveries and everything in between. Legendary motorway Route 66’s original route runs right through the heart of town, and you can still feel the vintage Americana vibes around every corner. Embark on a Walk this Talk self-guided tour to discover the history of the town through exciting audio logs and secrets hidden in public murals and street signs. Science lovers won’t want to miss a trip to Lowell Observatory: Pluto was discovered there in 1930, and the community celebrates its history of scientific achievement each February at the I Heart Pluto Festival. In 2001, Flagstaff was named the world’s first Dark Skies City, and on clear nights you can get a stunning view of the cosmos from the same telescopes that the observatory’s scientists used to map the moon. If you’re looking to discover Flagstaff’s history even more, check out the Museum of Northern Arizona to explore exhibits paying homage to the many Indigenous peoples who have calledArizonahome, like the Hopi, Navajo and Zuni.