Even in Indiana’s second-largest city of Fort Wayne, residents extend warm Hoosier hospitality, so guests will feel welcome whether they are visiting family attractions, enjoying agritourism experiences or taking in a sporting event.

Fun Pursuits for FamiliesTake the little (and big ones) to the Fort Wayne Children’s Zoo to see more than 1,000 animals in well-tended habitats. Zoo highlights include a sky safari, miniature ride-on railroad, endangered species carousel and pony rides. Go hands-on with interactive learning at a power plant-turned-museum known as Science Central. Hot day? Cool off at one of the city’s 10 free water-spraying splash pads. Older children and teenagers will get their adrenaline pumping at Vortex Indoor Karting & Games, a one-stop shop for laser tag, go-karts, arcade games and more thrills.Stroll the City and View the SightsAlways in season, the lush Foellinger-Freiman Botanical Conservatory features three gardens under glass to view picture-perfect orchids, waterfalls, ferns and much more no matter the weather. At Fort Wayne Museum of Art, see American fine and decorative art along with several sculptures on the grounds; a hands-on area is available for children. Get your steps in on these fun and educational walking tours around Fort Wayne: Discover Downtown, Historic Downtown, Sculpture with a Purpose and Heritage Trail.Head Outdoors for Nature and Ball GamesFort Wayne has plenty of city charms, coupled with natural beauty. Within the city is the Johnny Appleseed Park and Municipal Campground, which includes the gravesite of John “Johnny Appleseed” Chapman, a pioneer apple nurseryman. The St. Joseph River Greenway runs right by the campground. Consider visiting in October to take in the two-day Johnny Appleseed Festival that features plenty of historical fun, tasty food and crafts. Parkview Field, in the revitalized downtown area, is home to the Fort Wayne Tin Caps minor league baseball team. Venture a bit outside the city for family-friendly, immersive agricultural tours at Kuehnert Dairy Farm, Salomon Farm Park and Southwest Honey Company.