Catering to travelers who want to experience its laid-back but refined seaside culture and beautiful scenery, the Greater Fort Lauderdale area welcomes visitors from around the world. Find yourself surrounded by blue skies, swaying palm trees and smiling faces – from the beaches to the Florida Everglades.

Outdoor AssetsWhen it comes to beaches, the area is second to none with 37 kilometers of golden shoreline that cover eight beach towns, each offering its own distinctive vibe. From the cove-like, family-favorite Deerfield Beach, fishing hot spots of Pompano Beach and retro-cool Hollywood beach, to the seaside village charm of Lauderdale-by-the-Sea and cosmopolitan feel of Fort Lauderdale, there’s a beach to match any mood.On the wilder side, watch for alligators as you ride along the famed “River of Grass” in the Everglades. Visit the world’s largest butterfly garden and hummingbird aviary at Butterfly World. Join a guided nighttime turtle walk to spy some hatchlings as they scurry out to sea. Get around by hopping on the Water Taxi, which includes New River, Fort Lauderdale, Hollywood and Whistle Stop routes. Two sightseeing excursions – Jungle Queen or Riverfront Cruises – expand on the water fun and the area’s extensive canals.Entertainment, Dining & ShoppingHead to Gulfstream Park, home to the world-renowned Pegasus Cup, as well as tons of shopping and dining options. Catch a Broadway musical at one of the most-visited theaters in the world, Broward Center for the Performing Arts, or an outdoor concert at Pompano Beach Amphitheater. At the NSU Art Museum Fort Lauderdale, you’ll find dynamic exhibits of modern works and a 7,000-piece collection. Tour the Downtown Hollywood Mural Project to tap into more of the area’s creative juices. Sports fans will also find themselves enthralled by a cricket match at the only IAC regulation cricket field in the USA at Central Broward Regional Park & Stadium, while the Florida Panthers professional hockey team cut up the ice at the BB&T Center in Sunrise.Farm- and sea-to-table cuisine reigns supreme with seafood caught the same day and prepared for you with Floribbean flair. Five-star dining experiences and more than two dozen “dock and dine” options await. As shopping goes, the area defines breezy chic. Start at the world’s largest designer outlet mall, Sawgrass Mills, and visit luxury stores Prada, Kate Spade, Bloomingdale’s Outlet and Saks Off 5th. Then head to the Galleria Mall, arriving by car or Water Taxi, to find your favorite high-end retailers.Stroll through the trendy boutiques on Las Olas Boulevard, a see-and-be-seen experience, before soaking up the nightlife at Seminole Hard Rock Casino or the Underground Lauderdale scene, where live music, art and film come together.