Head to this sweet hamlet to experience the best of small-town life, but don’t be fooled: Frankenmuth caters to millions of visitors a year and has rich history, great shopping and tons of culture to explore. With its deep Bavarian roots, this diminutive city looks like a German town and offers everything you’d expect from one, including cultural festivals and Bavarian shops, food and architecture. Along with the world’s largest Christmas store, it’s home to two of the largest independently-owned restaurants in the USA, both serving scrumptious fried chicken dinners. Stroll past the public gardens abundant with flowers, take a carriage ride through town, or glide along the Cass River on a passenger paddleboat to experience Frankenmuth’s hospitality and charm for yourself.

One-of-a-Kind Adventure & FoodThe name “Zehnder” is a big one in this city. Built in the Bavarian style, Zehnders of Frankenmuth includes Splash Village Hotel and Waterpark, a famed restaurant, a marketplace and a championship golf course within its expansive borders. Avoid the cold by hitting the slide at the indoor water park or tee-off on the course, then feast on a family-style chicken dinner at historic Zehnders Restaurant. Leave with a signature trinket from the marketplace. For more thrills and good eats, head to Bavarian Inn Lodge and waterpark and Bavarian Inn Restaurant, where traditionalMichigansides like cranberry relish and Stollen (fruit and nut bread) come with every meal. Still feeling intrepid? Frankenmuth Adventure Park offers five levels of climbing in their aerial adventure forest.Travel Through History in FrankenmuthThere’s no better way to enjoy the slow and easy pace of Frankenmuth than on board the Bavarian Belle Riverboat, a paddlewheel-style vessel. Your tour guide relays the history of the city as you observe it from the water. Have a date night with Frankenmuth Funships, which offers wine and chocolate tastings as you cruise the Cass River. To take in the cheerful shopfronts here, sign up for one of the city’s horse carriage tours. For a broader – and tastier – perspective, stop into the Frankenmuth Historical Museum or spend an afternoon at Lager Mill, a brew store and museum. Don’t miss the glorious stained glass windows of St. Lorenz Lutheran Church, the area’s oldest, which offers tours daily.Magical ShoppingYou’ll feel as though you’re in a true Bavarian village at River Place Shops, which has more than 30 boutiques and attractions. Find everything from fudge to Irish items, as well as a distillery, a maze for the kids and a nature gift shop.  You can’t visit Frankenmuth without visiting Bronner’s CHRISTmas Wonderland, the biggest Christmas store in the world. Find ornaments, collectibles, trees, lights and much more as you wander through this gorgeously-decorated holiday paradise, which is open year round.