No trip to Texas is complete without a visit to Fredericksburg, the Texas Hill Country. Settled by immigrants in the mid-1800s, this relaxing destination is the perfect mix of Texas heart and German soul. It’s a shopper’s paradise with over 150 boutiques and art galleries lining its historic Main Street and beyond. Find western apparel, women's fashion and jewelry, Texas food products, Texas wine, works by local and regional artisans, sophisticated home décor and plenty of restaurants.

Speaking of being hungry, the variety of cuisine here is absolutely mouth-watering. From authentic German fare to traditional barbecue and Tex-Mex, there really are no limits to satisfying your cravings. Just take your pick of bustling outdoor patios with live music or quiet corners tucked away inside.Like wine? More than 50 wineries are clustered in and around Fredericksburg, many along U.S. Highway 290 just minutes east of Fredericksburg, making it epicenter of Texas Wine Country. One tasting excursion and you’ll see why they earned impressive national and international awards. Like the wines themselves, the wineries all have a different personality. Tuscan. Modern. Charming. You name it. Relax on the many scenic patios and courtyards or mix it up with a Barrel Room Tour or Winemaker Seminar. One thing is for sure: No trip to Fredericksburg is complete without a visit to a winery.One of the reasons thousands and thousands of travelers flock to the Texas Hill Country is the great outdoors. Spring wildflowers create a roadside carpet of color beyond your imagination. It’s home to Wildseed Farms, the USA’s largest wildflower farm. All year long, cyclists enjoy the scenic back roads and people of all ages hike Enchanted Rock State Natural Area, standing in awe on its 360-degree-view summit. Succulent and sweet summer peaches can be found at local farm stands, a popular Hill Country tradition.It seems every weekend there’s a festival in this small-ish town of only 12,000. There’s the annual Oktoberfest with music, food and Biergartens. The Hill Country Film Festival features creative indie films. Families love the Peach JAMboree and Rodeo, not to mention the whole month of Christmastime activities. Just a stone’s throw from Main Street is famous Luckenbach Texas. If you’re looking for authentic live Texas music with guitar pickin’ and fiddle playin’, you’ll find it here.Interested in history? Right on Main Street, you can learn about the region’s German settlers at the Pioneer Museum or visit the National Museum of the Pacific War with state-of-the-art interactive exhibits that attract visitors and World War II enthusiasts from around the world. Just down the road is the Lyndon B. Johnson State and National Historical Parks, where visitors can tour the grounds of the 36th U.S. president’s Texas home and ranch, known as the Texas White House.And, there’s no shortage of lodging. Take your pick from more than 20 hotels and nearly 1,500 unique guesthouses, bed-and-breakfasts and inns sprinkled throughout the area, all offering a taste of trueTexashospitality.