Abundant wildlife, rugged scenery, national attractions and the amenities of a city can be yours with a stay in Gillette or Wright, the perfect destinations to use as a base to explore the wonders of the Western USA from Campbell County, Wyoming. It’s a land of wide-open spaces, brilliant blue skies and friendly people, a place for exploration, rejuvenation and relaxation.

Location is EverythingGillette and Wright are in between two treasured sites, Mount Rushmore National Memorial in South Dakota and Yellowstone National Park in western Wyoming. These communities also rest between two of the West's most enchanting mountain ranges, the Bighorns and Black HillsDevils Tower, the country’s first national monument, is an hour east. Plains Indians have revered the geologic wonder for thousands of years. The enormous monolith rises 366 meters above the Bell Fourche River, surrounding grasslands and Ponderosa pine forests.In-Town AttractionsTour the Campbell County Rockpile Museum, Wright Centennial Museum and Frontier Auto Museum, which display the history of ranching, coal mining and the people who made the area what it is today. Campbell County is known as the “Energy Capital of the Nation." The coal from the Powder River Basin powers much of the USA. Take a summer mine tour to one of the country’s largest surface mines.Being the largest city in northeastern Wyoming, there are plenty of shopping opportunities at unique boutiques in historic downtown and at shopping centers throughout Gillette. Fine dining options are available, or sample locally made beer and other delectable choices at one of the breweries.CAM-PLEX Multi-Event Facilities is the largest of its kind west of the Mississippi. Here, you will see Broadway plays, a symphony, concerts with some of your favorite performers, rodeo year-round, and hockey or roller derby. The CCSD Planetarium – on a school campus, but open free to the public – is one of four in the world with technology that displays more than 8,000 stars and heavenly bodies. You won’t easily forget this experience.Exploring the Beautiful OutdoorsEnjoy one of the many local parks or Avenues of Art sculpture displays throughout town. Gillette and Wright both have recreation centers, and Gillette’s is equipped with a miniature Devils Tower climbing wall, two pools, tennis courts and running track to make for a great workout.Take a scenic driving tour, wildlife natural history loop tour or Shamrock motorcycle tour. Go bird watching at Dalby Park, or experience Keyhole State Park for swimming and fishing or outdoor activities. Play a round of golf at one of the fine courses.Travel to Wright and Durham Bison Ranch. Take a tour of one of the largest buffalo ranches in the USA, then enjoy a barbecue meal on the property.Thunder Basin National Grasslands, a wildlife mecca, provides additional opportunities for recreation, including hiking, sightseeing, hunting and fishing. Perhaps you will glimpse one of the 77,000 pronghorn antelope living in the area addition to deer and elk.