Located along Colorado’s Historic Hot Springs Loop, Glenwood Springs is equal parts relaxation and adventure with a dash of family-friendly fun and Old West history. Most visitors are looking for a relaxing soak in the many rejuvenating hot springs, including the world’s largest mineral hot springs pool at Glenwood Hot Springs Resort. Skiing, whitewater rafting, fishing and paragliding take turns being popular seasonal activities, making Glenwood Springs a hit with outdoor enthusiasts. Meanwhile, families love themed attractions that appeal to a range of ages. Gorgeous summer weather ushers in a busy tourist season while fall and winter attract travelers seeking more relaxed vacations.

Outdoor Adventures from Mild to WowFor more than 100 years, the enormous pool at Glenwood Hot Springs has welcomed visitors to swim and soak in more than 4 million liters of mineral-rich water. Go underground at the Yampah Vapor Caves for a natural steam bath like you’ve never experienced. Iron Mountain Hot Springs boasts 16 spring-fed tubs terraced along the Colorado River surrounded by the Rocky Mountains. Want something more adventurous? Try paragliding or skydiving, hunting in the White River National Forest in fall, and Nordic skiing and snowshoeing in winter. Recreational choices at the Colorado and Roaring Fork rivers include whitewater rafting and fishing. Glenwood Whitewater Activity Area is fantastic for kayaking and stand-up paddle boarding. By reservation, you can hike to the waterfalls and turquoise lake at Hanging Lake or rent a bike to tour Glenwood Canyon; hundreds of kilometers of trails provide nearly endless options.Family-Friendly ActivitiesJust minutes from downtown Glenwood Springs, Sunlight Mountain Resort is a value-priced family destination. Sunlight’s ski-swim-stay packages run about half the cost of neighboring resorts and have been a favorite for decades. Also nearby are the ski destinations of Aspen, Snowmass and Vail. If the slopes aren’t your thing, enjoy Glenwood Caverns Adventure Park, the USA’s only mountain-top theme park, for thrills like Defiance roller coaster, the Giant Canyon Swing and subterranean cave tours. Cycle the Glenwood Canyon Bike Path or Rio Grande Trail, both of which offer a gentle ride, quintessentialColoradoviews and historic sites to explore along the way.A Trip to the Old WestGlenwood Springs’ early days were a bit rowdier than they are now. In 1883, it was a city called Defiance that was well-traveled by gunslingers and outlaws. The infamous Wild West legends Doc Holliday and Kid Curry are buried in the city’s original cemetery. Order a beer at the antique bar at Doc Holliday’s Saloon and visit the Doc Holliday Collection & Memorial in downtown Glenwood Springs. For a deeper look at local history – from the indigenous Ute inhabitants through pioneer life and mining days – visit the Glenwood Springs Historical Society and Frontier Museum. The Glenwood Vaudeville Revue preserves a centuries-old performance tradition for a hilarious and nostalgic experience. From here, you can make your way across the Colorado River to your room at the Hotel Colorado. Built in 1893, the hotel has been frequented by gangsters, presidents and actors alike.