Under the big Nebraska sky, near the Platte River, you’ll find the city of Grand Island. Set in the sparse beauty of the grassland prairie, Grand Island is a historic railroad community, known for its warm Midwestern nature, the kind of character that puts visitors to this unassuming community immediately at ease. Learn about its railroad history, explore the landscape with its many wildlife-viewing opportunities, or – for an authentic Nebraska adventure – float down the Loup River in a stock tank, a steel vessel usually used to supply water to livestock.

Downtown RailsIn Grand Island, if you’re headed to “Railside,” you’re going downtown, where the old Union Pacific railroad tracks run right through the historic area. It may seem like time has stopped in the best possible way: The restored 1930s Grand Theatre, with its retro light-up marquee, shows movies on Friday nights, and steam engine Union Pacific No. 844 still passes through town. A 1911 railroad station sits on one street, and Antiques Avenue on the next features nearly a dozen shops. Downtown art galleries, boutiques and south-of-the-border markets inject the area with fresh energy.World-Class BirdingIn March and April, birding enthusiasts will be thrilled at the chance to see sandhill cranes migrate over the plains, a territory known as the “Nebraska Flyway.” One of the largest such wildlife migrations in the USA, an estimated 500,000 cranes settle onto a sandbar near Grand Island. Walk a birding trail, bike the Sandhills Journey Scenic Byway for bird-watching or visit the Crane Trust Nature & Visitor Center to learn more about the many birds that call Grand Island home, even temporarily.Explore Old, New and OutdoorsTo really get into the story of Grand Island, visit Stuhr Museum of the Prairie Pioneer, an aptly named attraction that features a recreated 1890s railroad town. Once you’ve immersed yourself in the prairie pioneer history, turn to Cairo Roots Research Museum to learn about the Pawnee Indian Nation through exhibits and artifacts. Explore the Platte River by canoe or hit the links at one of five local golf courses.