Grand Junction is Colorado's wine country with more than 20 wineries with tasting rooms set amid the beauty of the red rock canyons of the Colorado National Monument. The high-alpine landscape of the world’s largest flat-top mountain, the Grand Mesa, along with the Colorado River make this high-desert environment unique in the state. Enjoy river rafting and year-round hiking, biking, golf and even dinosaur digging for a vacation that mixes quintessential Colorado activities within a unique wine region.

Personal, Local and InvitingThe up-and-coming nature of western Colorado wine country is conducive to the independent traveler, with welcoming towns and winery owners. They are the winemakers and vintners themselves and are often on site to tell their story.The wineries produce a myriad of wines, such as Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah and Chardonnay. You’ll also find lavender, honey and fruit wines, hard ciders, and even a late harvest ice wine. Beyond wine, Grand Junction offers local brews and spirits. Along with grapes, the Grand Valley is famous for its peaches, pears, plums, cherries and apples – famous to the point that people drive hundreds of kilometers to the harvests.Colorado National MonumentBeyond wine country, Grand Junction is an outdoor paradise within the famous Grand Circle of southwestern USA. Don’t overlook the Colorado National Monument, which is also part of the National Parks System. With its 8,296 hectares of stunning red rock canyons is a 37-kilometer Rim Rock Drive that takes approximately two hours to drive; make stops to absorb its beauty, creattng a moment of solitude with stunning scenery that is found nowhere else on earth.In the heart of the Colorado-Utah Dinosaur Diamond, the area is internationally known for its dinosaur excavation sites, exhibits, fossils and hands-on paleontological activities. At the Museum of Western Colorado’s Dinosaur Journey, visitors can see dinosaur skeletons, a working lab and realistic robotic dinosaurs. Amateur paleontologists can even join single- and multi-day digs.Where to StayAt an altitude of 1,373 meters above sea level, and with more than 275 days of sunshine annually, Grand Junction enjoys warm summers and moderate spring, fall and winter seasons. Major airlines serve the city’s regional airport with non-stop and direct flights from Denver, Salt Lake City and other cities throughout the USA. For travelers who prefer trains, Amtrak’s popular, scenic California Zephyr route through the Rockies stops in Grand Junction. Drive time is four hours from Denver or Salt Lake City, seven from Albuquerque, eight from Las Vegas and 10 from Phoenix.Grand Junction welcomes visitors with an array of lodging options. There are more than 3,000 rooms in hotels, motels, bed-and-breakfasts, inns and RV campgrounds.Extensive Event CalendarDon't forget to check the events calendar. Everything from mountain biking races and marathons to the Palisade Peach Festival, Colorado Mountain Wine Festival, Spring Barrel Tastings and more are listed in the city's Visitor Guide or online.