Visiting the Dallas-Fort Worth area of Texas? Look no further than the city of Grapevine to make your home base. Located just minutes from Dallas Fort Worth International Airport (DFW), Grapevine is both convenient and brimming with activity – from outdoor adventures at Lake Grapevine to bustling, historic downtown to massive resorts that are a vacation in themselves. Not surprisingly, Grapevine is also known for its wineries and tasting rooms – the city name was inspired by the region’s native wild grapes – so you can count on great wine and fabulous food to be part of the experience, too.

Local History Hot SpotsWhen the Cotton Belt Railroad came to Grapevine in 1888, downtown flourished. Today, original and replica buildings house locally owned boutiques, artist studios, restaurants and bars. From downtown, hop aboard the Grapevine Vintage Railroad. This authentic 1920s-style train rides to theFort WorthStockyards where you can experience a taste of Texas livestock history (including a real cattle drive). Every two hours from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m., seven days a week, look to the Grapevine Glockenspiel clock tower for a performance by the Would-Be Train Robbers (two animatronic figures that emerge from the tower – it’s a Grapevine classic!). At Nash Farm, the longest continuously working farmstead in Tarrant county, get hands-on for authentic 19thcentury farm life.Family-friendly FunTraveling with the kids? You’ll find activities to suit everyone in the crew, from tots to teens. The center of the action is at Grapevine Mills mall, home to more than 165,000 square meters of retail shops, a movie theater, a bowling alley/arcade, and more than 30 restaurants. Inside this shopping destination is LEGOLAND®Discovery Center, perfect for younger kids to play in a splash park, tour a LEGO®factory, meet all their favorite characters and see a replica of the city of Grapevine made entirely of LEGO bricks. SEA LIFE Grapevine Aquarium, also located in the mall, is home to thousands of marine animals, plus a sea turtle rescue center and an underwater walk-through tunnel. Grapevine Mills' latest addition, Meow Wolf Grapevine is an immersive art experience that transports guests into the extraordinary world of The Real Unreal. For a taste of the great outdoors, head to Lake Grapevine for water sports, hiking, camping and a floating water park.Where to Eat, Drink and StayTexasis the fifth-largest wine producer in the USA. Surprised? Taste some of the state’s finest on Grapevine's UrbanWine Trail. A variety of winery tasting rooms serve up the state’s tastiest red and white wines and host special themed events throughout the year. When hunger strikes, fill up onTexas barbecueand Southern comfort food. Old West Cafe and Main Street Bakery are popular for breakfast and lunch, while standout steakhouses Perry's and Bob's serves exquisitely cooked steaks. Accommodations abound, from select service hotels to boutique inns and luxurious resorts. However, two stand-out options are the massive Gaylord Texan Resort & Convention Center, located on Lake Grapevine and boasting 1,814 rooms, and Great Wolf Lodge, a destination resort with a water park, restaurants and spa.