In the cities of Green River and Rock Springs, and surrounding Sweetwater County, you can go off the grid and explore the road less traveled. Here, the American West is not history – it’s alive in the grooves of still-visible pioneer trails, abandoned mines and herds of wild horses. The stories of the Shoshone Native Americans are recorded in the petroglyphs of White Mountain, and cowboy culture thrives in one of the world’s largest rodeos. Explore a landscape of prehistoric fossils, sand dunes, ancient rock formations, rugged trails and carefully preserved public lands.

Limitless OutdoorsOn land and water, outdoor activities are a way of life in Sweetwater County. Singletracks.com voted theWilkins Peak Trail Systemtheir top pick for mountain biking in the entire state. The trails are well-maintained with options suitable for all skill levels. On the border between Wyoming and Utah,Flaming Gorge National Recreation Areahosts a bounty of activity: biking, off-roading, hiking, camping, wildlife watching, winter sports and all types of water recreation on Wyoming’s largest reservoir.Killpecker Sand Dunes, the second-largest active sand dune field in the world, is a magnet for ATV enthusiasts, but you can also hike, ski or sled down the dunes. Killpecker’s unique topography also featuresunusual rock formationssuch as Boar’s Tusk, a 120-meter-tall remnant of an extinct volcano. Visit between April and October to enjoy sublime weather.Animal EncountersSweetwater County is famous for thelocal population of wild horses– approximately 1,500 in all. Follow the 38.6-kilometerPilot Butte Wild Horse Scenic Loop, a self-guided tour through the horses’ prime terrain. You’re also likely to get photos of antelope, desert elk, deer, hawks and eagles. Stand in one place long enough at theSeedskadee National Wildlife Refugeand you’re bound to see otter, eagles, elk, deer, sage grouse or moose. See animals in action at one of the many rodeo events throughout the year including the National High School Rodeo Association finals in July. It’sone of the largest outdoor rodeosin the world with heart-pounding events such as roping, barrel racing, bull riding and steer wrestling.From Ancient History to the Wild WestSweetwater County’s history spans from dinosaurs to gold mining to cowboys. Start way back – about 58 million years ago – with the remarkably preserved fossils and five life-sized dinosaur replicas atWestern Wyoming Community College’s Natural History MuseuminRock Springs. TheWhite Mountain Petroglyphsdisplay Shoshone tribal carvings from 1,000 to 200 years ago.Check out the old mining equipment at Reliance Tipple, see a gold mine and pioneer-era structures at nearby South Pass State Historic Site and plan a detour to view the real tracks of the Oregon Trail, Pony Express Route, the notorious Outlaw Trail and others – Sweetwater County has morestill-visible pioneer tracksthan any other place in the USA. Back inGreen River,Expedition Islandwas the launching point for two important explorations in 1869 and 1871. Today, it’s popular for kayaking, bicycling, tubing, and its playgrounds and special events.