French fur traders settled Green Bay, the oldest community in Wisconsin and so named for where the Fox River and smaller East River split the city, then flow into Green Bay, a basin off Lake Michigan. It’s a place where farming, dairy cows and cheese are as much a part of the fabric as the area’s robust history, outdoor beauty and famous professional football team. Check out top things to do in Green Bay during your next visit.

Fun Things to Do in Green BayThis is the smallest U.S. city to have a professional American football team, and the Green Bay Packers draw major crowds at Lambeau Field. Visit the stadium and its Green Bay Packer Hall of Fame to learn more about the team’s history. Go fishing in Green Bay or Lake Michigan; several area marinas and boat launches will set you up to reel in walleye. Stroll the Green Bay Botanical Garden grounds, a 19-hectare paradise that’s beautiful and open year-round. Hike the bluffs at Bay Shore Park, walk the trails around Cofrin Memorial Arboretum at the University of Wisconsin-Green Bay, and step through Fonferek’s Glen, where you’ll be rewarded with a waterfall. Explore 347-hectare Barkhausen Wildlife Preserve, or spend the day at the Brown County Reforestation Camp, which includes the nonprofit Northeastern Wisconsin Zoo & Adventure Park in its environs.A Dose of History in Green BayThere’s no shortage of fun to be had in this city, whether you’re plunging down a giant slide at Bay Beach Amusement Park or learning about nature at the Bay Beach Wildlife Sanctuary just across the way. Take a train ride and tour the National Railroad Museum on the banks of the Fox River. Soak up some history at the Neville Public Museum before walking through it at Heritage Hill State Park, where 25 historic buildings reflect life from 1672 to 1905. Uncover Oneida and Iroquois American Indian stories at the Oneida Nation Museum, where arts, crafts and artifacts are on display. Two performing arts venues, the Meyer Theatre and Weidner Center, offer a range of plays, concerts and other acts to keep you entertained. Little ones will be busy for hours at the Children’s Museum of Green Bay.Wine and Cheese, Please (Plus, Some Beer)Simply put,Wisconsinhas been known for its cheese since the 1800s, when there was such an abundance of milk in the state that farmers decided to use it to make cheese. Discover the flavor of deep-fried cheese curds paired with a freshly brewed beer at Hinterland Brewery, or go straight to the source at a manufacturer like Scray Cheese Co. A crop of area vineyards and wineries offer the perfect pairing to all that cheese, so schedule a tour; you won’t want to miss Parallel 44 Vineyard and Winery’s “ice wine.” For more local beverages, some of the biggest names in the state’s craft brew scene producing beer here include Badger State Brewing and Stillmank Brewing.