These two Mississippi cities connected by Highway 90 have an easy air about them, welcoming visitors to their shores and historic sites. Often called the “Riviera of the South,” this area offers sunny beaches on barrier islands, fantastic fishing and prime boating opportunities that are enriched by long-standing maritime traditions such as shrimping and boat building. These cities know how to have fun, too. Listen to Biloxi blues in a classic juke joint, go swimming with dolphins, splash down a waterpark slide or hang out by the resort pool. Gulfport and Biloxi are relaxed, family-friendly cities with their own brand of Southern charm.

Gems of GulfportLearn about “Gulfport Boogie,” the focus of this historic marker on the Mississippi Blues Trail. For live music, see a concert by the Gulf Coast Symphony Orchestra. Stay cool at Gulf Island Waterpark, which offers slides, zip-lining and a lazy river. The Lynn Meadows Discovery Center is 1,394 square meters of interactive exhibits, things to climb and even a tree house village outside. There’s no better way to understand this area than to immerse yourself in it: Dive into a dolphin interaction or go on a guided kayak tour of the waterways at Institute for Mammal Studies. Take the ferry to West Ship Island, where you can tour Fort Massachusetts or just enjoy this part of the Gulf Island National Seashore by swimming, shelling or sunbathing.Best of BiloxiThe beauty of Biloxi is where nature and history intersect. Tour the Biloxi Lighthouse, built in 1848, survivor of the Civil War and multiple hurricanes and located right in the middle of a major highway.At the Maritime & Seafood Industry Museum, see exhibits that include marine blacksmithing, wooden boat building and the culture of fishing, oystering and shrimping. Put newfound maritime knowledge to work and kayak the Pascagoula River Basin, where you’ll see birds and alligators. Ohr-O’Keefe Art Museum celebrates George Ohr, “The Mad Potter of Biloxi,” whose unorthodox approach to pottery inspired Frank Gehry in his design of this museum set on a campus full of sculptural surprises.Show-Stopping FunA handful of resorts in Biloxi and Gulfport give visitors that all-in-one entertainment experience. Beau Rivage, Hard Rock and the Golden Nugget, among others, offer upscale accommodations and numerous restaurants. Multiple pools, expansive spas and live shows round out the menu of fun things to do.