Explore picturesque Gurnee, Lincolnshire and Lake County, less than one hour north of downtown Chicago. Discover warm beaches, scenic hiking and biking trails, exhilarating roller coaster rides, refreshing water parks, captivating towns with delicious dining options and boutique shopping, delightful local festivals and a fascinating auto museum.

Lake County lives up to its name with more than 75 inland lakes and lovely Lake Michigan shoreline. Famous for its wide-open spaces and natural beauty, the region features lush forest preserves with walking and biking trails. Spend an enchanting evening outdoors enjoying a performance under the stars at Ravinia, the country’s oldest outdoor music festival. Savor regional culture and flavor at the annual Lake County Fair or other summer celebrations. Sample Lake County wines or craft beers at local establishments or delight in the Chicago Botanic Garden’s fabulous floral displays and fragrant grounds.Thrilling Rides at Six Flags Great AmericaExperience the ultimate theme park, Six Flags Great America with 15 exciting roller coasters. Goliath is the tallest, steepest and fastest wooden coaster in the world. Try Batman The Ride, the world’s first inverted, outside looping roller coaster. There’s also Superman: Ultimate Flight, where riders soar head first; the winged coaster, X-flight; and the free fly coaster, The Joker. Don’t miss American Eagle, a classic roller coaster. On warm summer days, relax in Hurricane Harbor water park. For the less adventurous or those traveling with smaller children, there are plenty of gentle family-friendly rides, too. Six Flags is open from early May through weekends in October.Relaxing ResortsEnjoy water fun year-round at Great Wolf Lodge Illinois. This family-friendly, Northwoods-inspired resort offers many activities and entertainment options. There are tube rides, water slides and a lazy river, plus an arcade with hundreds of games for all ages. Illinois Beach Resort is also a favorite destination on the sandy shores of Lake Michigan, or you can relax at the wooded Lincolnshire Marriott Resort with a challenging 18-hole golf course, tennis courts, a leafy bike trail and an intimate theater featuring award-winning Broadway musicals.Shopping and EntertainmentDon’t miss Gurnee Mills, the largest outlet and value-shopping center in Illinois with over 200 stores. Find outlet versions of high-end stores plus a full-priced fashion wing anchored by Macy’s department store. Take the family to a movie or Rink Side Entertainment Center in the mall with an indoor ice rink for hockey and ice skating, hundreds of games, laser tag and miniature golf.A special treat for car lovers is the Volo Auto Museum, which houses the biggest Hollywood car collection in the world. Spend a day at this enormous auto museum with 300 models of classic, antique and Hollywood cars from the Blues Brothers’ Bluesmobile to Bugs Bunny's Karrot car.  No visit would be complete without lunch at the cute Betty Boop-themed diner.Plan an entertaining and memorable excursion to Lake County. It’s an easy trip from Chicago. Three commuter train lines run from downtown Chicago with many daily stops in Lake County, or travel by car on Interstate 94.