Hilton Head Island and the surrounding region known as the South Carolina Lowcountry offers breathtaking coastal scenery. Sea, sand and sky surround you, welcoming you to enjoy pristine beaches, fresh and saltwater marshes and wetlands, Spanish moss-draped live oak tree canopies, and friendly Southern hospitality.

Hilton Head Island’s Natural SideHilton Head Island’s natural surroundings support an abundance of outdoor adventures for all to explore. Smell the salt air as the bright sunshine hits your skin, warming your soul and awakening your senses. With more than 30 area golf courses, 160 kilometers of biking trails, 19 kilometers of sparkling, flat-sand Atlantic Ocean beaches ideal for a stroll or bike ride, tennis, kayaking, fishing, horseback riding, and dolphin-watching cruises, you’ll quickly discover the joy of the natural side of life.A Fresh Look at ComfortMore than $502 million in renovations and updates have been reinvested into the Island, and visitors are reaping the rewards. The Sonesta Resort Hilton Head Island reopened as a fresh, modern resort hotel. The luxuriously intimate 60-room Inn at Harbour Town at The Sea Pines Resort also completed a multimillion dollar upgrade and has more expansion plans. Add The Westin Hilton Head Island Resort & Spa’s coastal chic resort make-over; the Omni Hilton Head Oceanfront Resort’s comprehensive redo; the hip, renovated oceanfront hotel, The Beach House Resort; and one of North America’s most lavish Five-Diamond resorts, The Inn at Palmetto Bluff; and you have a plethora of perfect seaside accommodations to rest your body, mind and spirit.Don’t Leave Without TastingHilton Head Island’s local and sustainable culinary scene features a variety of cultures and tastes. Those wishing to sample local fare should visit an Island restaurant specializing in Lowcountry cuisine, where dishes such as She-Crab Soup and Lowcountry Boil – a savory South Carolina blend of shrimp, hot sausage, potatoes and corn on the cob – capture the flavor of the region.A visit to Hilton Head Island also would not be complete without sampling even more of the famous local seafood, including shrimp, sweet blue crab and briny oysters.Shopping HeavenHilton Head Island offers some of the best shopping in South Carolina. Whether you’re seeking a great bargain, designer brands or unique souvenir for that special someone, you’re sure to find what you desire at one of more than 200 Hilton Head-Bluffton outlets, stores, six marina villages and historic Old Town Bluffton.History Happened HereWith significant Spanish, French and English explorer history dating to the 1500s, the region offers travelers a rich and varied cultural scene.Gullah refers not only to a language but also to a culture and a still-vibrant community supported by the courage and the heritage of its forefathers. Brought here as enslaved people, the Gullah remains one of the most culturally distinctive African-American populations in the USA. The profound story of the Gullah and freedom awaits your exploration on Hilton Head Island and throughout the Lowcountry region.