The style-savvy residents of the USA’s fourth-largest city and third-largest county, Harris, know there’s no place quite like Houston. With more than 2.2 million residents, the city attracts visitors and transplants with a wonderful mix of world-class arts, booming businesses, professional sports and award-winning cuisine. And the world is discovering what locals have known all along: Houston landed on several “best of” lists, including the Travel + Leisure roundup of America’s Favorite Cities and the Hotwire.com index of most affordable U.S. vacation destinations.Learn about top things to do and places to visit in Houston, Texas.

In Houston, much of daily life happens outdoors, thanks to mild, year-round temperatures. Take time to explore eclectic, culture-filled neighborhoods, galleries andattractions, which offer diverse activities and vibes that can only be found here.Take the food, for example. Countless cutting-edge chefs have made a home in Houston, where diners eat out more than residents of any other city. You’ll find James Beard Award-winners and internationally renowned chefs serving up innovative cuisine that frequently catches the attention of foodies in Bon Appetit, Food & Wine and Saveur.The stylish dining scene is only a slice of Houston’s epicurean side, a fact that the city’s culinary masterminds intend to prove with the Houston Culinary Tours. Each intimate 16-person, chef-led tour shows the hidden side of the city’s food scene, one taco truck and ethnic market at a time.Venture downtown during your stay and discover a thriving professional arts scene with professional resident companies in ballet, opera, symphony and theater, making it one of the few U.S. cities that can boast the same. The nearby Museum District stakes its claim as the country’s fourth largest with 18 cultural powerhouses set within blocks of one another.Houston even has its own version of Central Park with more than 600 hectares of green space in the heart of the city.  Just inside "the loop," an interstate highway around the city, Memorial Park is home to a public golf course, swimming pool, tennis courts, trails and more. Downtown, Discovery Green is a park with Wi-Fi, a farmers' market, dog runs, fine dining and ice skating during the winter, just one more of the 650-plus urban green spaces filling the city.Businesses also recognize Houston’s allure. Twenty-five companies on the Fortune 500 list call the Energy Capital of the World home. Aeronautic research is unsurpassed at NASA headquarters – the facility responsible for putting the first man on the moon – and Texas Medical Center remains the largest in the world with 47 highly lauded research and treatment institutions.Live like a local for a few days and discover why Houston’s mix of international appeal andTexascharm have captured the imagination of tastemakers the world over.