The Hudson Valley region encompasses natural beauty, history, arts and culture, outdoor adventure, and an abundance of culinary options along the stunningly beautiful Hudson River. From 241 kilometers north of the tip of Manhattan to the state capital of Albany, experience the charm of waterfront villages and the excitement of bustling cities, all tied together by excellent farm-to-table fare served at fine dining restaurants.

Revel in Recreation in the Scenic OutdoorsAs a four-season playground, Hudson Valley offers warm-weather recreational opportunities such as kayaking, rock climbing, hiking, swimming, boating, golfing and paddleboarding. Don’t miss knockout views of the majestic river and surrounding mountain ranges when you walk across the Hudson River via theWalkway over the Hudson, the Hudson River Skywalk and the Governor Mario M. Cuomo Bridge. Winter brings downhill and cross-country skiing, snow tubing, skating, snowboarding, snowshoeing and hiking, all with a coat of snow.Experience Hudson Valley’s Arts, Culture and HistoryIn the Hudson Valley National Heritage Area, discover many heritage-rich places showcasing amazing architecture, gorgeous landscapes and gardens, freedom and dignity causes, and Revolutionary War forts, battlefields and heritage sites. Visit the home ofFranklin Delano Roosevelt, who was paralyzed by polio at age 39 before becoming the only U.S. President elected to four terms. See where Martha Washington entertained her husband George’s troops and military partners before he became the USA’s first president. In Hudson, explore the Museum of Firefighting, where families can participate in hands-on activities including driving a virtual fire engine and taking the Junior Firefighter challenge.Recognized as the USA’s first art movement, the Hudson River School of painters started here and brilliantly depicted the region’s lush landscapes. Visit their homes and view the sites of the inspirational paintings. Sit in The Parlors at the Thomas Cole National Historic Site inCatskilland listen to readings of Cole’s original essays, letters and private journal. Tour the main house of Olana State Historic Site and view the collection of furnishings, architecture, decorative elements and art, as well as spectacular views of Olana’s artist-designed landscape overlooking the Hudson River. Continue exploring the arts at two internationally known art spaces – Storm King Art Center, one of the USA’s largest open-air sculpture parks, and at Dia:, a contemporary art museum in Beacon. Meet local artisans at work creating handmade items in studios in three major craft villages – Catskill,Woodstockand Sugar Loaf.Eat, Drink and Enjoy the Region’s HospitalityHudson Valley farms supply the region’s farm-to-table restaurants with sun-ripened fruits and vegetables, fragrant cheeses and heady wines. The region is the first wine-producing area in the country. The oldest winery,Brotherhood Winery, is still in Washingtonville, and vintners have been joined by a growing population of distillers, brewers, makers of hard cider, and meaderies with libations that can be sampled on-site.From storied retreats with century-old traditions to bed-and-breakfast inns offering indulgent comfort in the heart of nature, discover the Hudson Valley’s variety ofplaces to stayany time of the year. Enjoy unique lodging options with secluded streamside sites for a true glamping experience that redefines what it means to pitch a tent in the wilderness.