Discover the best of Southern California culture – complete with an authentic surf lifestyle and 16 kilometers of uninterrupted coastline – in Huntington Beach, a welcoming town where visitors can feel at home on the sand. The vibe here is laid-back and easy going, full of simple pleasures and fun times in the surf. It’s a place where the quintessential mild and mellow California beach scene began and still thrives, and where pretentiousness takes a back seat to casual and cool. Think sandcastles, beach bonfires, strolls on the pier and top-notch surfing, and you’ll be in the spirit in no time.

A Sunny DispositionLocated along the Southern California coast in Orange County, 56 kilometers south of Los Angeles and 152 kilometers north of San Diego, Huntington Beach makes the perfect, beachy basecamp for major amusement parks like Disneyland or Knott’s Berry Farm. And if it’s a long holiday relaxing on the beach you’re after, look no further. Warm, mild temperatures and year-round sun are the backdrop for a wide variety of outdoor activities, including biking along the beach, stand-up paddle boarding, kayaking in Huntington Harbour, horseback riding, bird watching and hiking through the Bolsa Chica Wetlands. The unbeatable weather allows for an array of events throughout the city, from sand soccer by the pier to more surf competitions than you can count, including the U.S. Open of Surfing, the largest such competition in the world.Authentic Surf CultureSurfing isn’t just an activity here; it’s part of the local culture. Claiming the most consistent waves on the West Coast of the USA, this is the only place that can truly be called Surf City, USA and the locals know it. Wave riders are out in the water year-round, and some of the world’s top surfers happily call Huntington Beach home. Tour the International Surf Museum, Surfing Walk of Fame and Surfers’ Hall of Fame all located downtown; you’ll learn all about the spectacular sport and its rich history. This is also the prime destination to take a surfing lesson, try your hand at other ocean sports or to take an adventure tour through the city to really soak up that surfing culture.Beyond the BeachThe vibrant downtown here also boasts plenty of surf shops and unique boutiques, while name-brand stores can be found along Main Street or further inland at Bella Terra, the city’s Tuscan-style open-air shopping center. Newly built Pacific City offers retail shopping and a fresh take on artisanal dining with a public market highlighting homegrown food vendors and other merchants, all with an ocean view. Including fabulous options all around Huntington Beach, the dining scene here can only be described as eclectic, with rustic taco shops and cafes that never change (because nobody wants them to), alongside new restaurants using fresh local ingredients in creative ways. There is something sure to please even the pickiest palate.