Situated on the scenic Snake River, Idaho Falls boasts an authentic, friendly atmosphere and a year-round range of activities. Outdoor enthusiasts love the proximity to Yellowstone and Grand Teton national parks, plus relaxing natural hot springs, fly fishing on the Snake River and towering cascades at Mesa Falls. Families enjoy kid-friendly attractions including a zoo, aquarium, museums and riverfront activities. For foodies and culture lovers, downtown Idaho Falls offers dining and local shopping in preserved historic buildings. Best of all, Idaho Falls is a four-season destination – any time of year, you’ll love exploringIdaho’s second-largest city.

Explore the Great OutdoorsIdaho Falls is the closest metropolitan destination toYellowstone National Park. It’s just a two-hour drive to hiking, biking, fishing, horseback riding and camping amid Yellowstone’s picturesque geysers, geothermal features and waterfalls. If you’re traveling with kids, don’t miss Yellowstone Bear World, a drive-through wildlife park where you can bottle-feed a bear cub.In the winter months, sign up for a snowmobiling adventure in the Teton Mountains, or soak in endless natural beauty while cross-country skiing and snowshoeing. To the west, hike amid volcanic craters and lava fields at Craters of the Moon National Monument. Island Park to the north, known as the Snow Mobile Capital of the World, offers mountain cabin rentals with outdoor hot tubs. Insider tip: May and October boast ideal weather with fewer crowds.Downtown Idaho FallsHints of Idaho Falls’ history as a frontier town remain in the charming streets of downtown. Take a walking tour to learn about turn-of-the-century buildings characterized by Art Deco, Renaissance Revival and Georgian Revival architecture. Some of the building facades remain largely unchanged, though inside you’ll find boutiques, local eateries, galleries, antique shops and pubs. Take a seat (and tons of great photos) on decorative benches that make up the city’s “Art You Can Sit On” creative initiative. Dozens of benches throughout downtown and along the Snake River are crafted to look like whimsical shapes including a fishing lure, bicycle, canoe and mountain peaks. Other notable attractions include the Museum of Idaho, Idaho Falls Aquarium and Idaho Falls Zoo.Fun on the RiverfrontThe Snake River winds through the heart of Idaho Falls. Eight kilometers of waterfront have been developed into the city’s River Walk, a greenbelt of parks, walkways, piers, historic markers and public event spaces offering views of the water. Summertime on the waterfront is especially active. Locals and visitors alike gather for free outdoor concerts, a farmers’ market and special events. Stop into the Art Museum of Eastern Idaho; it’s right on the river and admission is free the first Saturday of the month. At Sportsman’s Park, a small island in the Snake River, take a quiet stroll through the Japanese gardens.