Friendly, funky and hospitable. Yep, that’s Indy. Start your day off with breakfast at a farm-to-table restaurants, where your meal is sourced just steps away in Indiana’s rich farmland. Shop at trendy, local boutiques. Explore over sixty pieces of public art, where Indy pride is prominent and photo opportunities are a must.

Catch a show in the hipster haven of Fountain Square – where out-of-the-ordinary is the motto. You’ll find some of the best art galleries, edgiest music and coolest cafes in one of the oldest neighborhoods in Indy.Watch a game in the Wholesale District – within a few blocks you can tour three state-of-the-art stadiums and arenas, home to National Football League's Indianapolis Colts, National Basketball Association's Indiana Pacers and Minor League Baseball Indianapolis Indians.Cross the street and explore 80 hectares of urban green space at White River State Park. World-class museums, an outdoor live music venue and public art line this destination. Be on the lookout for joggers, roller bladders and cyclists enjoying the outdoors in downtown Indy. On a warm, summer day, you’ll spot paddle boaters, gondolas and kayaks in Central Canal.Take a stroll down Georgia Street – Indy’s own pedestrian boardwalk, where you’ll find dozens of food trucks lining the street, waiting for passers-by to grab a quick bite.And best of all, you can see it all effortlessly. Indy is now connected with the first-of-its-kind Cultural Trail. This 13-kilometer urban bike and pedestrian path connects Indy’s cultural districts, allowing visitors to see Indy from a whole new perspective.After a long day of touring, sit back and relax with a cold beer in hand at any of Indy’s 17 local craft breweries. And the nightlife doesn’t end there. Catch a live blues show at John Dillinger’s former hangout, or rub shoulders with Hollywood actors and pro athletes at 1933 Lounge above the legendary St. Elmo Steakhouse.After your night out exploring Indy, rest your head at any of more than 7,000 downtown hotel rooms all located within walking distance of historic Union Station. Flying in? No worries. Indy’s Airport has been named the Best Airport in North America by Airports Council International and is just a 15-minute cab ride from downtown.