With a temperate climate and an average of 281 sunny days per year, Irvine is a hidden gem in the middle of all that Southern California has to offer. Savor world-class shopping, a flourishing culinary scene and attractions for all ages and interests. Home to the University of California, Irvine, this cool California hub conveniently puts visitors close to Orange County’s most iconic beaches and theme parks.

World-Class Dining and ShoppingOver 80 languages are spoken in Irvine, and that diversity is evident in the city’s boomingculinary scene. Treat your tastebuds in innovative establishments like Diamond Jamboree, a multicultural dining and retail center with an emphasis on Pan-Asian cuisine, and Marble Steakhouse and Grille, a fusion restaurant combining Korean barbeque, American steakhouse and Italian cuisine. Nightlife in Irvine is lively, yet refined; when the sun goes down, locals and visitors alike head to the Irvine business district for craft cocktails and conversation. Insider tip: Many of Irvine’s hotel lobbies host live music performances on the weekends. You can’t visit Irvine without spending a day at Irvine Spectrum Center. Shop an amazing array of well-known brands, specialty items, and boutiques with full-service restaurants and casual dining options.Family-Friendly AttractionsIrvine offers fun outings for all kinds of travelers. Centrally located Great Park offers state-of-the-art athletic fields and amenities for sports, recreation and education. Take in panoramic views of the area on the Great Park Balloon, then, learn about urban gardening and see butterflies at the Farm + Food Lab, an interactive outdoor education center. For aquatic fun, check out Wild Rivers, a water park for all ages. Pretend City Children’s Museum is a hands-on, child-sized “city” designed for exploration and creative free play. Nature lovers can’t miss a trip to Tanaka Farms, where guests are invited to pick their own produce and flowers.Year-Round Outdoor AdventuresIrvine balances developing urban spaces with protecting its natural resources. At the Irvine Open Space Preserve, discover wildlife and sweeping vistas in a network of parks, trails and wildlands for hiking and biking. Irvine’s mild climate makes for great golfing throughout the year, too: At Oak Creek Golf Club, play a serene, secluded course that showcases the natural beauty of the area. Challenge your skills on greens set along a coastal inlet at Rancho San Joaquin Golf Course, or hit the links at Strawberry Farms Golf Course, nestled among canyons and wetlands. For a classicCaliforniaescape, take a short trip toOrange Countyto frolic on picturesque beaches.