Known as "The City With Soul,” Jackson is Mississippi’s capital and largest city. Centrally located and nestled at the crossroads of Interstates 55 and 20, Jackson is easily accessible by, car, air, rail or motor coach.

Jackson, which was chosen by AAA Southern Traveler Magazine as the Best City inMississippi, is noted for its beautiful architecture – from the magnificent Capitol building that dates back to 1903 to the modest home of Medgar Evers, a slain civil rights worker. Convention South Magazine editors also selected Jackson among the top 10 “Ministry-Minded Cities” in the South.Life in this city pulses with music – gospel, blues, rock, jazz, classical and everything in between – born from a tradition steeped in the arts. Do you want to see and experience the home of the blues? Stop by F. Jones Corner, where the influence of the blues pours out of the walls in the historic Farish Street district; or Hal and Mal’s for “Blue Monday,” where you might find the legendary Dorothy Moore singing “Misty Blue.”Do you love to connect with movies like Get on Up or The Help? Come to Jackson to identify signature landmarks used in key scenes like Thalia Mara Hall, Brent’s Drugs, the Eudora Welty Home and Museum or the Mississippi Coliseum. Walk the same streets that Chadwick Boseman, Mick Jagger and Dan Aykroyd walked, while filming here.Scores of unique museums and outdoor attractions, hundreds of events and festivals, three historic cultural districts, innumerable visual and performing arts, hot sports action, and cool nightlife await you in Jackson. The Smith Robertson Museum and Cultural Center was named as the “spot” to see in CNN’s 50 States, 50 Spots in 2014. Jackson is home to the USA International Ballet Competition, where young aspiring dancers from all over the world compete for a chance to perform on the world stage, changing their lives forever.Jackson hosts signature events that satisfy the interests of all. For equine lovers, the Dixie National Rodeo is one of the largest horse and livestock events this side of the Mississippi. Run your blues away at the Mississippi Blues Marathon.The local cuisine is classic Southern, ranging from satisfying Soul Food to creative Southern Fusion, to international fare with a Southern flair. Your favorite brands are also found among Jackson’s 300 restaurants!