Juneau is at once beautiful and fascinating, full of attractions and adventure that bring countless visitors every year. Located on a small strip of sea-level land, Juneau is bordered on the west by the Gastineau Channel and Pacific Ocean, and on the east by mountains so rocky there are no roads crossing them. You’ll need to take a plane or ferry if you want to get into or out of Alaska’s capital city. This topography has contributed to Juneau’s unique history and local character.

Unexpected CharmsWhile Juneau is a popular jumping-off point for Alaskan adventures, be sure to save time to explore the city. Take a free tour of the State Capitol building, then snap some photos of the elegant Governor’s House. Explore downtown’s walkable streets and shop for one-of-a-kind jewelry or art handmade by native Alaskan artists. Catch a show at the Perseverance Theatre, the state’s only professional theater. Finish your cultural immersion with Juneau’s main delicacy: seafood. Order fresh salmon and crab – or, for more adventurous appetites, dried walrus or seal.Into the WildCome for the glaciers, and Juneau won’t disappoint. Hike the trails to get close to the Mendenhall Glacier and Nugget Falls, Juneau’s most popular attractions. Encounter more glaciers, plus icebergs, waterfalls and imposing rock walls at Tracy Arm Fjord. For an extra thrill, explore these icy landscapes on a helicopter or fixed-wing aircraft.Take the Mount Roberts Tramway to the top of Mount Roberts for sweeping views of the city. Anglers will be impressed by the abundant halibut and salmon fishing. Travelers can take advantage of fantastic skiing and snowboarding, or hike nearly 210 kilometers of trails. Throughout your adventures, you might even observe some of Alaska’s notable wildlife, including bears, whales, sea lions, mountain goats and eagles.Must-See Attractions in JuneauLearn about the city’s history, including native Tlingit culture and the state’s path to official U.S. statehood, at the Alaska State Museum and the Juneau-Douglas Museum. Walk through a rainforest and marvel at the Flower Towers made from upside-down trees at Glacier Gardens Rainforest Adventure. Take a guided tour for panoramic views at the top of Thunder Mountain. Learn about local birds at the Juneau Raptor Center. Travel off the beaten path to explore the peaceful gardens, grounds and chapel of the reflective National Shrine of St. Therese, a 30-minute drive from the city.