Winter, spring, summer or fall, Kalamazoo opens the door to adventure. Paddle the Kalamazoo River or fish, swim, waterski or boat in one of 83 lakes. Chart 120-plus kilometers of paved bike trails, or tackle some of Michigan’s most rugged mountain bike paths. Around every corner, there’s a park or trail with areas for family picnics, biking, hiking or horseback riding. When the snow flies, head to the local ski resorts and toboggan runs, or go snowmobiling, cross-country skiing and snowshoeing.

Kalamazoo CultureGet to the heart of Kalamazoo’s character downtown, where shops, restaurants and theaters make for a lively scene. Visit five historic districts to see buildings of architectural significance and learn the history of the area. Tour the Dr. Nathan Thomas House, one of the state’s most prominent Underground Railroad sites, and the W.K Kellogg Manor House, former estate of the breakfast cereal magnate and now home to a bird sanctuary and conference center. For history buffs, there’s the Gilmore Car Museum. Housing nearly 400 automobiles in historic buildings, it’s rated one of the top five automobile museums in the country.Crafting GreatnessTo get a real sense of Kalamazoo, sample the food and drink scene. With 450 restaurants – and growing opportunities for farm-fresh, locally sourced dining experiences – Kalamazoo is getting a lot of attention for its cuisine.Michiganis particularly smitten with craft beer, and the love affair started right here in Kalamazoo. Bell’s Brewery is the oldest and largest microbrewery in the state, and its beers enjoy a cult-like following around the world. In fact, Bell’s Two Hearted was named the No. 1 India Pale Ale in the world, according to Ratebeer.com. Take a beer-venture on the Give A Craft Beer Trail, a fun way to explore all the local breweries and to earn some swag at the end of your trek.Contagious Creativity and CuriosityOffering 10 live performance theaters, a world-class art museum, numerous schools of art and design, offbeat galleries and a vibrant bimonthly Art Hop, Kalamazoo is a mecca for the arts. Spend a day at Kalamazoo Institute of Arts, where you’ll find dynamic exhibitions, films and other events along with the permanent collection of modern works. Be inspired at Air Zoo, an aviation museum full of interactive exhibits and rides that will blow your mind, and then stop by the Kalamazoo Nature Center to discover the natural world along many trails or by visiting the center’s DeLano Homestead Farmyard.