“The red dirt just kind of gets in your soul,” commented one old-time Kanab resident as he gazed at the surrounding Vermilion Cliffs. Most people passing through Kanab are taken aback by the sheer beauty of its setting. The red mountains surrounding the high-desert community cut a stark contrast to the seemingly eternal blue skies. One journalist described Kanab as a “picturesque community where clear azure skies provide a stunning canvas for snow-white, billowy clouds. It’s here that the clear southwest air is filled with the exhilarating scent of sage and cedar. Overhead, an incredible golden light bathes the distant mesas and the pinion forests nestled between the massive red rock cliffs. As often as I can, I’ll head to Kanab knowing that its gentle folk, spectacular mesas and slower lifestyle are awaiting my arrival.”

Base Camp: KanabKanab is gaining national recognition as a unique travel destination. It can be easily said that there is no other place on earth surrounded by so many natural wonders. Savvy visitors use Kanab as a “base camp” to enjoy the myriad recreational opportunities in the area. Incredible destinations such as the Grand Canyon, Lake Powell, and Bryce Canyon and Zion national parks, as well as the Grand Staircase Escalante and Vermilion Cliffs National Monuments, are all within an hour and a half’s drive. And don’t forget about lesser-known destinations, such as Pipe Spring National Monument, Coral Pink Sand Dunes and Kodachrome Basin state parks, Cedar Breaks, Cedar Mountain, and the Kaibab and Dixie national forests.The backcountry is unsurpassed; people come from all over the world to hike The Wave, White Pocket, Paria Box Canyon, Peek-a-Boo, Buckskin Gulch and  Coyote Buttes, just to name a few of the magical areas. If you’re not a hiker, but still want to see some incredible sights, there are several experienced guides in the area who can show you around on horseback or in off-road or four-wheel drive vehicles.Historic BackdropsIn the 1930s, Hollywood discovered the beautiful backdrops and rugged country of southern Utah. Since then, over 200 Western, TV series and full-length movies have been made in this unique area, branding Kanab as “Little Hollywood.”History dates to prehistoric eras. In fact, over 20 new species of dinosaurs have been discovered in the area. The majestic red cliffs and canyons were also home to several ancient Indian civilizations, and their pottery shards and pictographs are found everywhere. The small communities of southern Utah were most recently settled by the early Mormon Pioneers, whose descendants still raise cattle and crops in the area.Kanab has so much to offer that it serves as the “Heart of the Parks.” You can come here, unpack just once and take in as much of the incredible surroundings of southern Utah as you wish. Kanab will offer you a laid-back, relaxing atmosphere, awe-inspiring scenery and friendly people. Your vacation will give you some great memories from off the beaten path.