Bring your appetite, sense of adventure and entire family to explore Kansas City. Straddling two states at the junction of the Kansas and Missouri rivers, this city is known for its barbecue, steaks and culture, but there’s plenty more to discover in a metro area that also includes bustling Overland Park.

Beef, Barbecue and BeerKansas City, in the heart of the Midwestern USA, produces high-quality beef that appears on plates at steakhouses around town. The city also is known for its barbecue, and dozens of restaurants offer smoked beef, pulled pork, brisket and ribs. The tradition started in the 1920s when Henry Perry, known as the “father of Kansas City barbecue,” started selling smoked meats from a pushcart. Taste Perry’s legacy today at Arthur Bryant’s, but be sure to compare the fare at other restaurants. Every steakhouse and barbecue joint adds its own flavor to the city’s signature dishes. To wash down the delicious food, sample a craft beer from one of the local breweries, such as Granite City Food & Brewery and Overland Park’s Brew Lab.Districts of DistinctionWith more than 20 distinct neighborhoods, Kansas City is flush with diverse options, and the downtown is especially vibrant. History buffs will enjoy learning about the area’s Slavic roots while touring an 1887 Victorian building housing the Strawberry Hill Museum & Cultural Center. Head to the Village West district for shopping at Legends Outlet, dining and entertainment. While you’re in the area, catch a NASCAR race at the Kansas Speedway or a Kansas City T-Bones baseball game at CommunityAmerica Ballpark.Find a cultural mecca in downtown Overland Park, about 20 minutes south of Kansas City. Browse 300 independent shops, and visit the third Friday of the month for live music and dining specials. See local musicians perform at Kanza Hall or the Roxy Bar. Spend time strolling through a cluster of galleries, such as Prairiebrooke and InterUrban ArtHouse. View artwork at Nerman Museum of Contemporary Art, or catch a show at New Theatre or at Carlsen Center of Performing Arts.Attractions for All AgesFamilies will find much to discover. Take in views of downtown and explore trails at Kaw Point, a Lewis and Clark landmark and scenic park along the Missouri River, or check out the lush 121-hectare Overland Park Arboretum & Botanical Gardens. Head to Deanna Rose Children’s Farmstead, a 1900s farm with animals, gardens, a nature trail, one-room schoolhouse and pony and wagon rides. Taste an apple fresh off the tree, try a cider doughnut and go on a hayride at the Cider Hill Family Orchard. Hike 24 kilometers of trails in the wooded hills at Wyandotte County Lake Park, then go fishing in the 162-hectare lake. Take the pack to see museum exhibits and living history displays at the National Agricultural Center and Hall of Fame, then go watch marbles being made at the Moon Marble Company in Bonner Springs.