Kaua‘i is known for its natural beauty. With the Na Pali Coast, Waimea Canyon and the only navigable rivers in the state of Hawai’i, the island’s stunning scenery is the first thing visitors notice and the last thing they remember. Even a nickname like ‘The Garden Isle’ fails to do justice to its beauty. Verdant trees grow canopies over the island’s few roads; long, sandy beaches, coral reefs and sheer sea cliffs frame brooding mountains. Life here moves at a slower pace. Check out top things to do and places to visit in Kauai during your next visit.

Explore Hawaiian HeritageTraversing more than 30 kilometers, the Holo Holo Koloa Scenic Byway follows some of Kauai’s most significant landmarks, while the Koloa Heritage Trail features 14 historic stops along the south shore. Visit the Kilohana Plantation Estate, a Hawaii Historic Landmark that also has a narrated train tour, restaurant and samples fromHawaii’s only rum distillery. Tour a re-created traditional Hawaiian hamlet at Kamokila Hawaiian Village; it’s also a great place to hike and paddle to Uluwehi Falls (Secret Falls). Historic Waimea is where Capt. James Cook landed in 1778; visit downtown to see his statue.Natural Adventures in KauaiTake a boat or kayak tour, helicopter ride or a difficult hike along the Kalalau Trail to the Na Pali Coast; there’s no vehicle access to this pristine, oceanfront haven. Kauai has the only navigable rivers in the island chain; paddle the Wailua River for an unforgettable experience. Go hiking at Waimea Canyon, a geological marvel known as the Grand Canyon of the Pacific. View wildlife and a picturesque lighthouse at Kilauea Point National Wildlife Refuge. Be sure to get a photo at Spouting Horn, then go swimming, snorkeling and sunbathing on Poipu Beach.Visit Different Towns in KauaiHanapepe is Kauai’s art capital. Stroll galleries on Friday night art walks, browse unique retailers like Aloha Spice and Talk Story Bookstore, take a picture of the quirky Hanapepe truck and walk across the Swinging Bridge. In nearby Old Koloa Town, stop by the History Center to learn about the island’s sugar industry, drive down the eucalyptus tree tunnel, grab a treat at Koloa Shave Ice and pick up a souvenir. In Hanalei, take a ukulele lesson at Hanalei Strings, grab a Kauai grass-fed beef burger at Bubba’s, and visit the 1834 Wai'oli Hui'ia Church and the 1837 Waioli Mission House.