In Kissimmee, vacationing families can be as active as they choose to be, knowing that they won’t run out of fun things to do. From relaxing and hanging out together to playing nonstop at nearby theme parks, tackling water adventures and exploring exciting shopping and dining options, vacationers will find that Kissimmee caters to every energy level. Located in the heart Central Florida, Kissimmee is just 25 minutes from Orlando International Airport (MCO) and half an hour south of downtown Orlando. It’s also a short drive from world-famous theme parks and outdoor adventures.

Theme Park ThrillsA huge draw to the area is, of course,Walt Disney WorldResort, which includes four major theme parks and two water parks. Another perennial favorite isUniversal Orlando Resort, a three-park complex inspired by movies and TV shows. At SeaWorld® Theme Parks & Resorts™ Orlando, experience a dolphin encounter, learn about marine life and enjoy exhilarating water rides. LEGOLAND® Florida Resort is a creative and lively theme park featuring parades, rides and beloved characters. Visitors can also enjoy Fun Spot America, a family-owned theme park that features roller coasters, go-karts, kiddie rides and arcade games.Nature ExplorationHead to Central Florida’s manyoutdoor adventure spotsto discover the Sunshine State’s exciting wildlife. Kissimmee is near the northwest shore of Lake Tohopekaliga (known locally as Lake Toho). Its Kissimmee Lakefront Park includes walking paths, picnic pavilions, shaded playgrounds and a fishing pier. For a more immersive natural experience, see colorful shore birds by kayaking through the headwaters of the Everglades at The Paddling Center at Shingle Creek, zip line over alligators at Gatorland or glide over the water on an airboat ride at Boggy Creek Airboat Adventures. At Wild Florida, visitors can choose either an epic drive-thru safari or up-close encounters with exotic animals.Shopping and DiningAs vacationers seek the perfect balance of exhilaration and relaxation, sometimes a little retail therapy is called for. This area specializes in entertainment districts that include a large number of stores in addition to dining and entertainment – one-stop shopping areas that are perfect for all-day outings. Choose your entertainment distict, whether shopping and dining atDisney Springs; retro-themed Old Town for classic finds; The Mall at Millenia for brand-name stores in a central location; or Orlando Premium Outlets® for popular brands at discounted prices.Stay Somewhere FunVacationers can choose from more than 70,000 accommodation options in the area, including 50,000 vacation homes. Stay at a rental home where your family can spread out and make it your own. Many are equipped with gourmet kitchens, private swimming pools, home theaters and more. Another option is to indulge in the amenities found at Kissimmee’s many resorts and hotels. Take advantage of expansive dining options, views of nightly fireworks and water features including lagoon pools, hot tubs and kid-friendly water parks.Golf and SpaFloridais justly famous for its golf courses. Spend the morning playing a round at the ChampionsGate Golf Club. This 36-hole course, designed by Greg Norman, blends tradition and modern techniques. Another option, after a long day spent walking around theme parks, is to pamper yourself with a hot-stone massage, detox facial and a coconut infusion pedicure at the Margaritaville Resort Orlando.