Halfway between the bustling metropolises of Los Angeles and San Diego on the Southern California coast, discover a tranquil year-round escape in dreamy Laguna Beach. Part of Orange County, this oceanfront village has a reputation for luxury, but it’s not stuffy or snobby. Instead, you’ll find the sort of low-key indulgence that encourages visitors to be themselves, explore at their own pace and connect with beaches, nature, art, wellness and friendly, local faces.

Exploring a Pristine Coastal EnvironmentThe 11-kilometer Laguna Beach coastline consists of more than 30 coves and beaches, all part of a California marine reserve that protects this ecosystem. At the heart of the city is Main Beach, with its iconic lifeguard tower and shallow, calm waters ideal for swimming and paddleboarding. Victoria Beach has several claims to fame: its historic Pirate Tower, a manmade swimming pool that’s filled by the ocean water and as a hot spot for skimboarding (a water sport that was invented here in the early 1920s). Treasure Island Beach’s clear waters make for stunning snorkeling, while the moon-shaped Crescent Bay Beach is popular for bodysurfing or admiring sea stars and anemones in tide pools.For an offshore adventure, head out on a whale-watching cruise to spot blue whales in the summer and fall; gray whales in winter and spring; and finback whales, minke whales, humpback whales and dolphins year-round. Animal lovers should also tour the Pacific Marine Mammal Center, a wildlife center focused on the rescue, rehabilitation and release of marine animals. On your visit, you might see California sea lions, Northern elephant seals, Pacific harbor seals or Northern fur seals. You’ll also learn more about conservation through interactive exhibits and artifacts.Nature Beyond the BeachMore than 8,000 hectares of protected wilderness welcome hikers and mountain bikers to explore the city’s inland landscape of craggy canyons, dramatic hills and lush valleys. Find one of Laguna Beach’s most spectacular vista points, Top of the World, near Alta Laguna Park and marvel at 360-degree views of rolling hills leading out to the Pacific Ocean. From here, head out on a trailhead leading into the Aliso and Wood Canyons Wilderness Park, a wildlife sanctuary that also protects native flora. Other popular hiking and mountain biking destinations include Laguna Coast Wilderness Park, where you can also take a mountain biking lesson at Nix Nature Center, and Crystal Cove State Park, home to an incredible undeveloped coastal woodland.A City of Arts, Culture and CreativityAs you stroll the charming streets of Laguna Beach’s downtown village, it’s easy to appreciate the city’s legacy as an artist’s colony and hippie enclave. Visitors can connect with that spirit along the Pathway to Zen Wellness Trail, a series of spas, health-conscious eateries and stores, yoga classes, and more soul-quenching activities and locales. The city’s creative atmosphere is evident in more than 100 pieces of public art and just as many art galleries, as well as its array of locally owned shops and restaurants. Plan to explore during festive monthly First Thursdays Art Walks, when galleries keep their doors open late and free admission is also offered to the Laguna Art Museum. One of the oldest museums in California, it still maintains its focus onCaliforniaart. Free trolley service is provided during art walks and year-round (hours and days vary by season). Complete your Laguna Beach experience with a stay at one of seven unique oceanfront hotels.