Midway between Orlando and Tampa, you’ll find Polk County, a Florida gem filled with family-friendly fun. While the biggest Sunshine State cities are often filled with crowded streets and long lines, this in-between region, home to vibrant locales like Lakeland and Winter Haven, flies under the radar. Spend your days in Polk County exploring kid-focused theme parks, serene botanical gardens, up-close animal encounters and interactive museums, all while surrounded by serene views of Central Florida’s verdant landscapes.

Kid-Friendly Theme Park ThrillsIf there’s one thing that CentralFloridais known for, it’s theme parks.Polk Countyis home to two: LEGOLAND Florida Resort and the Peppa Pig Theme Park, sister attractions located in Winter Haven. LEGOLAND Florida Resort celebrates creativity with LEGO-themed rides and experiences for all ages. Blast fireballs on LEGO NINJAGO The Ride and walk through LEGO recreations of U.S. landmarks in MINILAND USA, then get a kid-friendly thrill on The Dragon rollercoaster. At the nearby Peppa Pig Theme Park, Peppa Pig and her pals hop off the television screen and into reality on a series of rides, shows and other attractions. Pay a visit to the Fun Fair, hop aboard Peppa Pig’s Balloon Ride, sing along with Peppa live at Mr. Potato’s Showtime Arena and more. Peppa Pig Theme Park is a Certified Autism Center with wheelchair-friendly rides, making this a fun andaccessible choice for theme parkadventurers seeking mobility or sensory accommodations.Fun with Flora and FaunaEnjoy some fresh air with a visit to Central Florida’s gardens and preserves. Foliage lovers can’t miss a trip to Hollis Garden in Lakeland, where a rotating selection of plants and flowers impresses guests any time of year: At any given time, there are around 10,000 blossoming buds growing in this incredible garden. In Lake Wales, pop by Bok Tower Gardens, where thriving blooms are accompanied by the bell tunes of the 250-foot Singing Tower. Open since 1929, this gorgeous natural complex is an iconic local landmark. If you’re an animal lover, Safari Wilderness and Circle B Bar Reserve, both in Lakeland, are worth visiting. At Safari Wilderness, drive, kayak or ride a camel through this zoo-inspired experience, seeing zebras, llamas and water buffalo along the way. To explore a natural paradise at your own leisure, head to Circle B Bar Reserve, where you’ll spot wild alligators, armadillos, racoons, bobcats and bald eagles while navigating gently winding hiking trails.Museum MarvelsAerospace enthusiasts can easily spend a couple of hours at the Florida Air Museum, admiring interactive exhibits and an eye-catching collection of vintage and modern aircraft at this Lakeland museum. A short drive away lies Bonnet Springs Park, a scenic entertainment destination that combines natural exploration with cozy cafes and educational experiences. Enjoy fun spots like a playground, botanical gardens and butterfly house, then step inside the state-of-the-art Florida Children’s Museum where kids – and kids at heart – can let their imaginations run loose in hands-on exhibit halls. On the other side of Bonnet Springs Park, the GiveWell Community Foundation Nature Center is also worth a stop. Continue your museum-hopping journey with a stroll through the galleries of the nationally accredited Polk Museum of Art on the campus of Florida Southern College, then round out your Central Florida experience with an orange juice tasting at Florida’s Natural Grove House Visitor Center in Lake Wales.