At the turn of the 19th century, Southwest Louisiana was known as “No Man’s Land.” Not included in the Louisiana Purchase of 1803, the Lake Charles region was not quite French, not quite Spanish and not yet part of the USA. It became a haven for society’s outliers, outlaws and wanderers. Things are more civilized today, but Lake Charles is still proud to be a little bit unconventional. Join the locals in their love for Cajun food, Louisiana-style parties, quirky history, untamed nature and anything outdoors – from fishing and hunting to golf and casino resort pools. If you like authentic, down-to-earth towns where people know how to have a good time – and are more than happy to bring you along – add Lake Charles to your travel list.

Unusual Museums and Historic SitesYour Lake Charles history lesson begins at the Imperial Calcasieu Museum where Charles Sallier, one of the first settlers, built his winter home. A sprawling 375-year-old live oak tree stands at the old home site, and exhibits inside the museum display historical artifacts. Step back in time at the DeQuincy Railroad Museum, housed in a 1900s railroad depot, then check out rotating art exhibits and fun events at Henning Cultural Center. During the 19th century, there were many new settlers but no architects or engineers, so industrious carpenters made up the style and plans as they built homes with products from the local sawmills. See this uniquely Lake Charles architecture in the Historic Charpentier District. The beautifully maintained houses make for great photos. Lake Charles loves Mardi Gras; in fact, it’s home to the second-largest celebration in Louisiana.Local Food and FunThe food here is consistently delicious. Boudin – a pork sausage filled with rice, meat, onion and spices – is a regional specialty. Lake Charles is home to the Southwest Louisiana Boudin Trail, which highlights mom-and-pop restaurants, butchers and grocers that serve this popular snack. Other signature dishes to try: po’ boy sandwiches at Darrell’s, delicious and filling plate-lunches at B&O Grocery, and boiled crawfish at Seafood Palace or Steamboat Bill’s on the Lake. Wash it down with a cold craft beer from Crying Eagle Brewing or a belly-warming shot of Bayou Rum, made in Southwest Louisiana with all natural, unrefined Louisiana sugarcane and molasses. Lake Charles and the surrounding area is also home to four casinos, two of which are resorts: Golden Nugget Lake Charles and L’Auberge Casino Resort. Stay up late to enjoy Las Vegas-style entertainment and live music, then relax the next day with a spa treatment or some quality time by the pool or on the golf greens. Enjoy live music including two free concert series held annually in March (Live at the Lakefront) and May/June (Downtown at Sundown).Wild and Wonderful NatureAlong an easy-to-follow network of back roads, the Creole Nature Trail is an adventure intoLouisiana's Outback. This untamed natural landscape holds creatures great and small (more than 400 species of birds, thousands of alligators, marsh mammals, fish and migrating butterflies), includes four pristine nature preserves and is on two major aviary flyways. Start by exploring the educational exhibits at Adventure Point, then follow the trail to seek out fishing, shelling, crabbing and wildlife watching, or book a kayak or airboat tour. Walk the Lake Charles promenade or rent a bike and explore the art galleries and boutique shops downtown. Just 30 minutes east of Lake Charles, take your picture with a baby alligator at Gator Chateau, an alligator rescue organization.