Lansing is a smart place to start on a getaway to the great state of Michigan. From the historic and majestic State Capitol Building to modern museums, a classic Midwestern experience for all four seasons begins in the Capital Region. Greater Lansing’s central location in the state makes it just a short drive to beaches, urban centers and world-class attractions.

Year-Round CelebrationsKnown as Michigan’s Festival Capital, the region boasts over 50 unique festivals and events throughout the year. In spring, Greater Lansing streets arefull of art, music and food from around the world. Summertime means music, and local festivals deliver it nearly every weekend, including genres for all tastes. When autumn blows in, the Capital Region is still buzzing with seasonal events you won’t want to miss. Agricultural heritage also comes to life in autumn with apples, pumpkins, hayrides, bonfires and more. Festivals don’t stop when the snow flies! Visit in November to welcome in the holiday season at the Silver Bells in the City celebration.Local ColorThere are also plenty oflocal attractionsthat truly shine throughout the year. Classic American automotive heritage is alive and well in Lansing, as the home of the R.E. Olds Transportation Museum. A tour of the State Historical Museum and a walk on the nearly 30-kilometer downtown river trail are sure to feed your senses, especially when you top it off with a great lunch at the new food hall and shuffleboard courts at Lansing Shuffle.East Lansing is also home to Michigan State University. Whether you catch a collegiate game or visit one of the local pubs, you’ll feel the energy and excitement you can only find on a Big Ten campus. Visitors will also find arts and culture on campus at the Wharton Center for Performing Arts and the Eli & Edythe Broad Art Museum designed by world-renowned architect Zaha Hadid.Shopping and Dining DelightsNo visit to Greater Lansing would be complete without some time spent on that great American pastime –shopping! The area boasts three large malls: the Lansing Mall, the Meridian Mall and the Eastwood Towne Center. Greater Lansing is also a hub for unique shopping opportunities at out-of-the-way boutiques and shops. Find that perfect something special in Old Town Lansing or at the large antique district in the neighboring community of Mason.After exploring the many attractions and numerous shopping opportunities, you will have certainly worked up an appetite. You’re in the right place! Greater Lansing is full of awesome eateries and dynamic dining. From unique spots offering craft beer and wine, to fine dining, farm-to-table and foods from around the world, everything to suit your tastes is at your fingertips.