On a bitterly cold night, the soft city lights of Laramie,Wyoming, twinkle in an expanse of darkness. Stars shine bright and white against a deep blue sky, seeming close enough to touch in the high altitude of this mountain town. On a warm July evening, that same sky glows with a remarkable sunset and a blaze of fireworks. No matter the time of year, the spirit of the West is captured on this living canvas. Bordered by snow-capped peaks and brimming with arts, culture and history, the "Gem City of the Plains" has many hidden gems to be found.

Outdoors In and Around LaramieLaramie is situated on the windswept plains of the Laramie River Valley, where grassy rolling hills rise to jagged steep peaks. The alpine wonders of the Snowy Range Mountains to the west draw visitors year round to enjoy granite peaks, a cascade of clear mountain lakes and beautiful wildflowers. To the east, the massive granite rocks of Vedauwoo attract adventurers from all over the world to hike, ski and explore the gorgeous and varied formations in this recreation area. The Snowy Range Scenic Byway crosses the Medicine Bow National Forest, offering amazing views, a glimpse into local history and plenty of landmarks. Visitors can ski Happy Jack Recreation Area in winter or hike its trails in summer. Anglers can fish the Laramie River, the plains lakes or beaver ponds.Celebrating the Western SpiritLaramie has a history that is rich with the stories that settled the West. The Ivinson Mansion, a sprawling Territorial Prison, the Overland Trail and the Bucket of Blood Shootout are all celebrated on a self-guided tour. The University of Wyoming, founded in 1868, is the hub of Laramie’s cultural events scene. It boasts half a dozen museums including geology and art museums with impressive collections.Historic Downtown and the ArtsLearn about the Laramie Mural Project’s remarkable collaboration that has transformed the look of the downtown area, giving the historical buildings an interesting modern edge. In a few short years, the project has produced several murals and continues to showcase the thriving arts community in this small college town. In historic downtown, you’ll find quaint antique and gift shops flourishing alongside great restaurants, local breweries, cafés and boutiques. All of this, with the clean air and expansive landscape of the western mountains.