Located deep in the heart of South Texas at mile marker 1 of Interstate Highway 35, Laredo is the beginning of the Lone Star State and a travel experience that is American, Texan and Mexican all in one. Here, you’ll find a blend of culture, language, culinary influences and ambiance that can only be found deep in the heart of South Texas.

This small Spanish villa, founded over 258 years ago on the banks of the Rio Grande, still holds treasures from yesteryear. Walk around the historic downtown and discover landmarks that are significant to both local and Texan history including San Agustin Plaza, Republic of the Rio Grande Museum and San Agustin Cathedral.You can count on Laredo’s lodging facilities to make your stay on the South Texas border a home-away-from-home experience. Whether you’re looking for a historic hotel in downtown or a suite just a few minutes from the airport, Laredo offers nearly 4,000 hotel rooms in a wide variety of accommodations to match your budget and travel needs.For shopping fanatics, San Bernardo Avenue, Laredo’s original main street, boasts a large collection of authentic merchandise along 40-plus city blocks. These unique little stores appeal to everyone from the trailer-hauling customer to the tourist who just wants to pick up that something special that says “Hecho en Mexico.” Discover remarkable shopping and great bargains around every corner.You’ll find good eats with a Laredo flair all around town: Mexican, Tex-Mex and more. Come for the authentic Mexican food and stay for the flavor.Laredo’s warm weather creates the perfect ambiance for a weekend of fun and relaxation. The Max, Laredo’s municipal golf course, is nestled quietly along the Rio Grande. Get ready to tee off at this Robert Trent Jones, II signature course while taking in the beauty of South Texas. The 18-hole public course features 7,297 yards of golf which bring you right up to the edge of the country overlooking the Rio Grande.Birding in Laredo has attracted people from all across North America to visit. Bird-rich trails range in difficulty from leisurely to moderate. Enjoy a scenic walk viewing native plants and flowers common to SouthTexasor view the splendor of rare birds in their natural habitat.Getting to Laredo is the easiest part! Laredo is served by Interstate Highway 35; US Highway 59 and 83; and Texas Highway 359. The Laredo International Airport is serviced by three airlines: American Airlines, United Airlines and Allegiant.