Las Vegas was made for entertainment and carved out of the Mojave Desert with escape in mind. Millions of people visit this Nevada city annually to relax, dine, shop, see performers, experience the nightlife, take in a sporting event and, of course, enjoy a go at the gaming tables. Check out top attractions waiting for you in Las Vegas.

Exploring the Las Vegas StripYour fun begins on the Strip, Las Vegas’ main artery and home to bustling casinos, world-class restaurants, ornately designed resorts and spectacular shows. Take a photo at the famous “Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas” sign on South Las Vegas Boulevard, then head off to start your adventures. Spend the day admiring marine life at the Shark Reef Aquarium at Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino or strap in for the 108-story controlled free fall at SkyJump at The STRAT Hotel, Casino & Tower. The ideal spot to catch your breath is the three-level Chandelier Bar at The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas, offering signature drinks and its own multi-story visual spectacle. You can test the waters at the festive LIQUID Pool Lounge at ARIA Resort & Casino, or for a more relaxing sojourn, take tea at the Waldorf Astoria Las Vegas Tea Lounge high above the Strip. End your evening with a meal and a great view at Lakeside at Wynn Las Vegas.Beyond Las Vegas BoulevardOff the Strip, an equal amount of fun awaits. Head over to Downtown Las Vegas and try the SlotZilla zip lines under the Viva Vision video canopy of the Fremont Street Experience. Passengers on the upper line “fly” over all the excitement of Fremont Street below. Besides the shops, dazzling lights and nightly shows, Circa Resort & Casino features Stadium Swim. The heated pool amphitheater, open throughout the four seasons, offers visitors a fabulous dip while catching the biggest sporting events on a massive, 143-foot screen. Other Downtown Las Vegas favorites include LONGBAR at The D Las Vegas, the intimate Downtown Cocktail Room, the lively feel of the Commonwealth and the Downtown Container Park. Back closer to the Strip, you’ll find live music at The Front Yard at Ellis Island Hotel, Casino & Brewery. Southern hospitality and cuisine await at The Orleans Hotel and Casino, while The Oyster Bar at Palace Station Hotel Casino serves up live-action seafood prepared before your eyes available 24/7.Nature and CultureTake a break from the bright lights and visit nearby Red Rock Canyon National Conservation Area for hiking, biking and climbing adventures, and then unwind with a spa treatment at Red Rock Casino Resort Spa. Las Vegas offers access to whitewater rafting at the Grand Canyon and year-round golf and dune buggy tours through sand dunes. Check out The Neon Museum to tour the signs that once adorned Las Vegas hotels and casinos. Also, sure to capture your interest are The Mob Museum (visit The Underground Speakeasy & Distillery in the basement), the National Atomic Testing Museum and Bellagio Gallery of Fine Art.