Including the towns of Bethlehem, Allentown and Easton,Pennsylvania’s Lehigh Valley is a culture- and nature-rich region about 90 minutes from New York City and 60 minutes from Philadelphia by car. It boasts a proud history that stretches back centuries to one of the continent's earliest European settlements. Other claims to fame include its steel industry, which helped shape the country, as well as Crayola crayons and Martin guitars. Today, you can rediscover your inner child at fun attractions, traverse trails through majestic mountains and mighty rivers, and enjoy locally made craft beverages at wineries, breweries and distilleries around the region.

A Legacy of InnovationLehigh Valley is the rare U.S. gem where visitors can experience the culture and history of days gone by alongside a vital, inventive spirit that continues to build. In Bethlehem, home to many museums and historic sites, you’ll find the Historic Moravian Bethlehem National Historic Landmark District. These remarkably preserved buildings are the remnants of an 18th century experimental community, where Moravian settlers from Europe established a communal society. Learn about some of the USA’s oldest structures and a way of life that fostered education, innovation and the arts.This region also fostered the creation of many of the world’s most beloved products. Crayola in Easton makes 3 billion crayons each year and 12 million per day. Take the kids to the Crayola Experience in Easton to see how crayons are made and experience loads of interactive and creative exhibits inspired by Crayola. The C.F. Martin & Co. Museum in Nazareth spotlights one of the USA’s largest, oldest and finest acoustic guitar manufacturers. Hundreds of guitars – from early antique models played by country music legends to Kurt Cobain's D-1 – are on display.You’ll find a marriage of old and new at SteelStacks Arts & Culture Campus, once the home of industrial powerhouse Bethlehem Steel. Today, it’s a popular venue for live music, festivals, movies, dining and more. Walk the elevated Hoover Mason Trestle for an up close look at the plant’s imposing blast furnaces. The site’s former electric repair shop houses the National Museum of Industrial History, which tells its story through dynamic exhibits and engaging programs. History meets the arts at the Allentown Art Museum, which features a century-spanning collection of decorative arts, paintings, photography, sculpture and more.Attractions in the OutdoorsExplore natural wonders and local history along The Delaware & Lehigh National Heritage Corridor, which follows a historic industrial path and now provides opportunities for scenic road trips, boating, biking and hiking. Get your heart pounding on the rides and attractions at Dorney Park & Wildwater Kingdom. The floorless Hydra roller coaster shoots into the sky on nearly a kilometer of coiling steel track, while Possessed is a dueling-tower suspended impulse coaster that swings riders back and forth beneath a U-shaped track. Kids will love whirling around on the Flying Balloon Race ride and hitting the track for Road Race. The adjacent Wildwater Kingdom water park provides both excitement and refreshment on a warm summer day.