Visitors enjoy the range of experiences in Lewiston, Idaho, famously known as the gateway to Hells Canyon. Beyond fast-paced jet boat thrills in the deep-river gorge, Lewiston and the surrounding Lewis Clark Valley offer visitors outdoor recreation, rich cultural events and a flourishing wine scene. Expect an array of exciting activities, including tracing the steps of famous explorers, where the Clearwater and Snake rivers meet.

River Guides and Outdoor ExplorationExplore the rugged beauty of Hells Canyon during a jet boat or rafting tour. Listen to the guides tell the history of the sternwheelers that transported miners in the canyon. They will point out ancient Indigenous American villages, wildlife and 4,500-year-old petroglyphs carved into rock. During a break, play in the water or relax on white-sand beaches. The Snake and Clearwater rivers attract paddleboarders and kayakers, recreational boaters and fishermen looking for steelhead. There’s always another bend in the river to explore. Paved trails along the river are perfect for walking, jogging and biking.History Lessons at Local LandmarksThe Nimiipuu, also known as the Nez Perce Tribe, have lived in this area since ancient times. Learn about their heritage and traditions at the Nez Perce National Historical Park and through tours offered by tribal members. The Nimiipuu were integral in helping the Lewis and Clark Expedition travel through this region in the early 1800s. Walk in their steps on the Lewis and Clark National Historical Trail that extends beyond the eastern and western border ofIdaho. Get a history lesson at the Lewis and Clark Discovery Center at Hells Gate State Park. Further your understanding of the area’s history with a trip to the comprehensive Nez Perce County Historical Society & Museum. Visit the Jack O’Connor Center to hear tales of the famous hunter and see taxidermy from his hunting excursions in North America, Asia and Africa. Pick up a map and take a self-guided walking tour of historic downtown Lewiston and its tree-lined Main Street with eclectic shops, shopping and dining.Great Wine Tours Minus the CrowdsWhen you’re ready for some refreshments, visit local wineries and breweries. Ten area wineries consistently produce top-quality wines, mostly from locally grown or estate grapes. The area’s history of award-winning wine production dates back before prohibition, to 1872. The terroir and climate of the Lewis Clark Valley resemble the Burgundy and Bordeaux regions in France with Rhone, Bordeaux and Spanish varietals thriving here. It’s a wine region that’s free of hordes of visitors, and you’ll often meet the owners and winemakers in the tasting room. Say yes if they offer you a personal tour of the barrel room.