Named one of the world's "100 Most Loved Destinations" for 2023 by the Tourism Sentiment Index, Lexington is a city that locals are proud to call home and a place where out-of-towners can find the best of both worlds. It’s a place where rolling pastures filled with horses coexist with a lively city scene that blends genuine hospitality with the latest trends. Here, you can find good old-fashioned charm, as well as a good Old Fashioned cocktail. But perhaps the best part of Lexington is discovering authentic experiences you won’t be able to find anywhere else.

Exploring Horse CountryLexington is known by many as the Horse Capital of the World. Drive just 10 minutes outside the city’s charming downtown and find yourself in the heart of Horse Country where you can explore the rolling hills of bluegrass, surrounded by 450 horse world-class horse farms. Take a tour of the magnificent thoroughbred farms and nurseries on a Horse Country tour. See thoroughbreds in action at Keeneland racecourse, a National Historic Landmark featuring masterfully landscaped grounds. It welcomes the public year-round for tours and hosts racing every April and October. The Kentucky Horse Park is another popular attraction for equestrian fans featuring museum exhibits, horse shows and horseback rides.All About BourbonWhen it comes to bourbon, Lexington is one ofKentucky’s top destinations for sampling and learning about the iconic spirit. Tour one of the 16 bourbon distilleries within 75 kilometers of downtown. Explore old warehouses where row upon row of charred-oak barrels stretch into the darkness, waiting for their chance to be sipped. Then, grab a stool at one of the many world-class bourbon lounges, cocktail bars and tasting rooms downtown. In Lexington, every bar is a bourbon bar.Food That's Big, Bold and LocalLocal farms have been supplying Lexington restaurants with farm-to-table ingredients since before it was cool. These fresh foods, along with inventive chefs, are the cornerstone of the city’s thriving culinary scene, which sees new restaurants, cafés, food trucks and bistros popping up almost constantly. Not surprisingly, chefs here have a knack for incorporating bourbon into cuisine, with bourbon-infused dishes ranging from ice cream to entrees.Live Music & NightlifeWhile bluegrass is about as prevalent as bourbon here, there are also plenty of musicians showcasing other genres. You can find live music in Lexington any day of the week – at restaurants, bars and traditional music venues throughout the city. Lexington is also home to the Railbird Music Festival in June.There’s also the Distillery District, formerly an abandoned distillery site that has been brought back to life as a funky, unique hangout. The Distillery District is full of restaurants and bars, a brewery and, you guessed it, a few distilleries. Whether you want to eat pizza by the slice, drink a microbrew or play old-school arcade games, this local hot spot is the perfect place to unwind and get a taste of the Lexington lifestyle.