Before the morning mist had broken at dawn on April 19, 1775, shots rang out over Lexington, signaling the beginning of the American Revolution. Walk in the footsteps of the early patriots at the Battle Green and Minute Man National Historical Park, or visit Lexington's three historic houses. You can ride along the historic Battle Road trail on the award-winning Liberty Ride trolley while your costumed guide recounts the exciting events of April 19, 1775, and the literary legacy that defined American identity and culture.

Famous for its role in the American Revolution, more than two centuries later Lexington boasts a proud patriotic heritage while offering an array of rich art events, indoor and outdoor concerts, a variety of shops, and restaurants where you can sample the flavors of the world. Several working farms offer unique culinary experiences and the outdoor Farmers' Market operates seasonally.Throughout the year there are festivals and events including Chinese New Year in the winter, the re-enactment of the Battle of Lexington and Concord and Paul Revere's Ride every April, Revolutionary Revelry throughout the month of May, a quintessential Fourth of July Carnival, an Autumn Arts & Crafts Festival in September, and a Holiday Lighting and Shopping Festival in December.If you want to enjoy the outdoors you can bicycle or walk along the Battle Road Trail, traverse the Minute Man Commuter Bikeway, or explore the Across Lexington routes. The Haydenettes, a synchronized skating team, consistently medals in U.S. and international competitions.For art enthusiasts there are art centers, galleries, over 70 local artists and Open Studios each spring. There are rotating exhibits throughout the year and a bi-annual juried pottery show featuring the best works in Massachusetts.From Fife & Drum musters to the Lexington Symphony Orchestra, the award-winning Jazz Band and a capella singing groups, concerts occur throughout the year. During July and August there are free outdoor concerts several nights a week including the Bicentennial Band and rotating local musicians. Lexington has a diverse population of about 33,000 and boasts one of the best public school systems in the country. Industries includes a growing life science/pharmaceutical/biotech cluster as well as research and development facilities associated with Hanscom Air Force Base. Harvard University, MIT, Cambridge and Boston are within a 30-minute drive.Plan to linger in Lexington for a day or two. Within a short walk or drive to the historic sites and Minute Man National Historic Park, there are modern hotels, a historic inn, and several bed-and-breakfast establishments providing lodging options to suit your needs while visiting Lexington. We look forward to welcoming you to Lexington, the “Birthplace of American Liberty.”