With sweeping backcountry beauty, endless outdoor opportunities and plenty of small-town charm, Northwest Montana’s Kootenai Country is a dream destination for adventure seekers. Within this vast region, the towns of Libby, Troy and other nearby communities, including Eureka, have plenty of fun activities and creature comforts to play homebase for your Western U.S. vacation. Get ready for a getaway in Montana that is both exhilarating and restorative.

Postcard-Worthy ExcursionsWalk among giants just south of Troy at Ross Creek Cedars Scenic Area in the Kootenai National Forest. This grove of ancient cedars (some 1,000 years old!) has trees measuring up to 4 meters in diameter and more than 50 meters tall. Hop on the Lake Koocanusa Scenic Byway from Libby and travel along 108 winding kilometers featuring the impressive vantage points and shimmering waters of Lake Koocanusa and the Kootenai River. Marvel at the architectural ingenuity of the Libby Dam, one of the strongest and largest dams built in modern times. Spot bald eagles as they soar above the tree line and perch high on cedar branches. Halfway between Libby and Troy, walk the Kootenai Falls Swinging Bridge for breathtaking views of the Kootenai River gorge and falls 10 meters below. Easily accessible but still maintaining that world-away feeling, the Ten Lakes Scenic Area near Eureka offers some of the most pristine hiking and swimming in Montana’s rugged backcountry.A Peek Into Rural Small-Town LifeStep back in time as you stroll through the collection of late 1890s and early 1900s buildings at Eureka’s Tobacco Valley Historical Village, offering a look atMontana’s homesteader past. Check out the early history and artifacts of Libby’s roots as a mining and logging settlement at the Libby Heritage Museum. Enjoy a pint of craft beer like the Yaak Attack IPA at Cabinet Mountain Brewing Company, housed in one of the oldest buildings in downtown Libby. The weekly, seasonal farmers markets of Libby, Troy and Eureka are the perfect downtown spots to mingle with the locals and grab locally made food and handicrafts on your way through town.Anything-But-Ordinary AccommodationsThe Wilderness Club Resort in Eureka is an oasis unto itself, featuring a secluded lake, water park and premier golf course, consistently ranked among the best in the USA. Rent a yurt along the Kootenai River at Roosevelt Park in Troy for an overnight glamping experience that is both modern and rustic. For a fun throwback adventure, bundle up and take a winter sleigh ride or year-round wagon ride through the countryside at Cripple Creek Horse Ranch in Trego near Eureka, then book a night in one of their cozy homestead cabins.