This is a city on the move — upwards, with a revitalized cityscape, and outwards, as its population continues to grow. And no wonder: one visit here, and you might want to move as well. The robust college town counts 125 parks within its boundaries. It’s home to a thriving live music scene. Museum and cultural opportunities are plentiful, but not at the expense of sports, which are highly-regarded here in the land of the Huskers. Interesting neighborhoods, even more interesting history and a burgeoning culture of biking (all that flat land is a cyclist’s dream) add up to a dynamic, forward-thinking city that hasn’t forgotten its roots.

Dining and DrinkingLincoln knows where its bread is buttered, and that’s with a side of steak. But while beef is still a prime dish here, the city has benefitted from a refreshed interest in food culture. You’ll find Thai, African and Pho spots here, as well as restaurants devoted to deconstructing the very comfort food Lincoln has so long held dear. Gastropubs, breweries and food trucks are popular college hangouts. And this is a place where real farm-to-table is abundantly possible, thanks to the number of local farms within the region.Historic Haymarket Downtown DistrictHundreds of restaurants, shops, galleries and more can be found in this dynamic district, where you can visit the Nebraska History Museum, the Sheldon Museum of Art and catch a live show at The Railyard Lincoln, all in the same day. Haymarket hosts a Farmer’s Market every week, as well as Artwalks, film screenings at the Mary Riepma Ross Media Arts Center and Lincoln Symphony Orchestra performances.Every type of food is on offer here in restaurants and cafes where you can eat inside or al fresco, and nightspots like Vega and The Single Barrel give you plenty to do after dark.Museum, Trails and Living HistoryLincoln has a museum for just about anything. Housed in a modern glass and brick green-certified building, the International Quilt Study Center and Museum exhibits from a rotating collection of 4,500 quilts from around the world. Exotic engines, vintage speed equipment and racing vehicles are on display at the Museum of American Speed. Stop and stay awhile at Sunken Gardens, an oasis in the middle of the city, or bring the kids for some culture to the Lincoln Children’s Museum. Even the abandoned Union Pacific Railroad here gets its due: bike the Jamaica North Trail, which follows 10 kilometers of the old track across the Lincoln area.