Located an easy 90-minute drive north of Salt Lake City and home to Utah State University, Logan and its surrounding Cache Valley are four hours from Yellowstone and Grand Teton national parks and five hours away from most of Utah’s national parks. Visiting this beautiful agricultural valley is like taking a step back in time. The pace is a little slower, but nestled between two majestic mountain ranges, you’ll find plenty of natural wonders, captivating attractions and opportunities for laid-back fun no matter the season.

Downtown DelightsStroll through downtown Logan with its charming cafes, storefronts with character and unique specialty shops. Check out the Mormon pioneer tabernacle, three historic theaters, and the Bluebird Restaurant, the longest running restaurant in the state complete with an old-time soda fountain.Foodies will find a lot to love here: Explore the Cache Valley Gardeners’ Market every Saturday morning at the historic courthouse mid-May through mid-October, dine at an array of locally owned restaurants, or take a self-guided Foodie Trek and Signature Products Tour. Visit food production facilities for famous cheese, ice cream, Caffe Ibis coffee, Pepperidge Farm cookies, Cox honey, Lower Meats, hand-dipped chocolates and more. Other unique products include handmade soaps and lotions, pajamas and socks.Old West SceneryJust five minutes from downtown, find the lush forests of Logan Canyon National Scenic Byway where you can hike, picnic, mountain bike, canoe, fish, bird watch, ski, snowmobile, horseback ride and rock climb. The 69-kilometer drive features dramatic limestone cliffs and forested canopies all leading to the breathtaking turquoise waters of Bear Lake.Imagine this landscape as the pioneers saw it at the American West Heritage Center, a 65-hectare outdoor living history museum. Experience the Old West hands-on and learn about mountain men, farmers and adventurers. Watch the blacksmith at work, take a wagon or pony ride, throw hatchets, see the bison, make arts and crafts, and listen to stories, music and more.Winter Sports WonderlandIn the colder months, take a sleigh or wagon ride through a herd of up to 600 elk at Hardware Ranch Elk Refuge. Hit the slopes at Beaver Mountain Ski Resort, the longest running family-owned ski resort in the USA. There are plenty of runs for all skill levels, and the friendly skiers will start to feel like family. Cherry Peak, Utah’s newest ski and snowboard resort, boasts a thrilling 177-meter tubing hill with a moving sidewalk to get you easily back to the top. At Beaver Creek Lodge, walk straight out of your cozy room and jump into some of the best snowmobiling in the USA. Take a guided tour or venture on your own across more than 480 kilometers of groomed trails.A Touch of DramaEach summer, Logan becomes Utah’s Heart of the Arts when the award-winning Utah Festival Opera and Musical Theatre welcomes than 300 performers straight from New York City and Broadway to present famed works such asBarber of Seville,The Secret Garden,Into the WoodsandAmazing Gracealongside concerts, backstage tours, breakfast with the stars and academy classes. Ticket prices are affordable, the scenery and costumes are spectacular, and the performances are brilliant. Right around the corner is the 1913 Caine Lyric Theatre, home of the Lyric Repertory Company, one of the only true remaining repertory companies in the nation. The same lead performers star in a rotating schedule featuring a musical, a mystery, a drama and a comedy. Nearby, the newly restored 1924 Utah Theatre hosts live performances and classic movies.