The peninsula is a place that stays with you long after you’ve left. From the moment you breathe in the fresh sea air to the moment you sit fireside gazing at the Milky Way, the endless stretch of beach offers simplicity and natural wonder. Located on Washington’s southwest corner, the peninsula’s charming beach villages and relaxed culture create a unique, authentic experience. Rich history, adventure, fabulous food and dramatic landscapes await you on Washington’s Long Beach Peninsula.

Tranquil Beaches, Abundant Nature45 kilometers of pristine beach, dramatic basalt cliffs, deep old-growth forests and six state parks make the peninsula a natural wonderland. The beach invites exploration and relaxation. Available activities include horseback riding, bonfires, bike riding, photography and wildlife viewing. Look for humpback whales from the Lewis & Clark Interpretive Center at Cape Disappointment State Park. Explore the remains of coastal forts. Wrap your arms around giant trees as you hike through the Willapa National Wildlife Refuge. Come during the fall migration for some of the best birding in the region. And don’t miss incredible photo opportunities at the North Head Lighthouse and Cape Disappointment Lighthouse, the oldest functioning lighthouse on the West Coast of the USA. Enjoy panoramic views – and perhaps a vibrant sunset – from the Long Beach Boardwalk.Maritime Culture & HistoryExplore the local seafaring tradition at the Lewis & Clark Interpretive Center, part of the Lewis & Clark National Historical Park. Take a walk through working cranberry bogs at the Pacific Coast Cranberry Museum. Discover exciting local history at the Columbia Pacific Heritage Museum, and marvel at colorful kites from all over the planet at the World Kite Museum, which hosts theWashington StateInternational Kite Festival. History buffs will love the wonderfully preserved buildings and weapons at Fort Columbia Historic State Park. Explore the 13.7-kilometer Discovery Trail, named in honor of the Lewis & Clark expedition, and find interpretive panels and art installations along the way.Uniquely Long BeachThe Long Beach Peninsula is known for its ultra-fresh seafood, especially its oysters. Willapa Bay is one of the top-producing oyster regions in the world. The historic village of Oysterville at the peninsula’s north end offers sweeping views of the bay. Stop by Oysterville Sea Farm to buy fresh oysters to throw on the grill. Book a fishing trip out of Ilwaco on the peninsula’s southern end to experience world-class fishing with local experts. Visit any of the area’s seafood markets for some of the Pacific Northwest’s finest Dungeness crab, salmon, Albacore tuna and other delicious, fresh seafood.