Los Angeles is a city that presents you with many faces and distinctive neighborhoods, each offering something exciting. The city has so much going on that you’ll want to give yourself plenty of time to explore. If you're after glamour, bustle and excitement, Los Angeles is the place for you.

Pop Culture in Los AngelesStart with the storied attractions of Hollywood, such as the Walk of Fame and TCL Chinese Theatre, before strolling the section of Sunset Boulevard known as The Strip with its vibrant billboards, restaurants and famous nightclubs.Music lovers will feel right at home in downtown’s L.A. Live complex, home to the Grammy Museum, which features exhibits and memorabilia tracing Los Angeles’ prominent role in popular music. Families won’t want to miss Universal Studios Hollywood and its theme-park thrills, movie attractions such as The Wizarding World of Harry Potter™ and the famed Studio Tour.Beach TownsEveryone in Los Angeles has a favorite beach, and each beach has its own vibe, from the famed Malibu to lively Manhattan Beach.Santa Monica’s 5.6-kilometer stretch of sand is marked by the world-famous pier. The pier – with its amusement park, arcade and aquarium – is a short walk from Santa Monica’s Third Street Promenade, an outdoor mall offering shopping in a festive environment.Neighboring Venice Beach is equally enchanting, but at the same time, a world apart. The beach is spacious and the sidewalk features a quirky – some might say “outrageous” – mix of people suitable for a movie set.Beverly Hills and Rodeo DriveSynonymous with high-fashion shopping and high-end dining, browse and window-shop Beverly Hills’ single-name stores, such as Chanel, Dior, Gucci, Lanvin, Tiffany’s and Valentino.This is also a place to people-watch: Sip a latte outside one of the cafes on the palm tree-lined sidewalks and watch the luxury cars roll by, or see if you can spot one the many celebrity residents disguised as everyday people.Cultural InstitutionsAnother fantastic place to see stars – and panoramic views of the city – is the Griffith Observatory atop a hill in Griffith Park northwest of downtown. This is just one of the city’s many must-see stops for culture seekers.There’s the Getty Center with its soaring architecture and cozy museum rooms full of sought-after permanent and traveling art exhibits. The Los Angeles County Museum of Art features more than 120,000 works, representing ancient and modern culture. Nearby, the Craft & Folk Art Museum, the Page Museum (home to the La Brea Tar Pits), the Architecture & Design Museum and the Petersen Automotive Museum will round out your museum hopping.