Grab your boots, jeans and ten-gallon hats and explore a town that is keeping the spirit of the Wild West alive. Cowboys aren’t the only draw to Lubbock: The city is also known for having a vibrant arts scene and playing an important part in the history of rock ‘n’ roll. Add in award-winning wineries, fascinating museums and a lively college town culture, and you’re in for a truly amazing experience in this Texas cultural hub.

The Wild West Comes to LifeLubbock boasts a long and storied past as a hot spot for cattle ranching, since the grasslands of the Great Plains provide excellent fodder for livestock. Today, you can step back in time at sites like the National Ranching Heritage Center and experience what life was like in the Old West. Visit the onsite Foy Proctor Historical Park to see over 50 authentically restored buildings dating from the 1780s to the 1950s and explore ranch life through the eyes of children's book character Hank the Cowdog. The Center also hosts numerous interactive events throughout the year. Dive deeper into the city’s roots at Shotgun Sue’s, a western-inspired saloon, and country music concerts in one of Lubbock's storied music venues.Music Legends GaloreIf you appreciate music, you’ll love Lubbock. You can catch a live show almost every night of the week in colorful neighborhoods like the Depot Entertainment District and the Lubbock Cultural District, and at unique outdoor venues like Cook’s Garage.  Additionally, many influential musicians have called the South Plains of Texas home, from Natalie Maines of The Chicks to Waylon Jennings, John Denver and Buddy Holly. Book a tour of the Buddy Holly Center to view a collection of artifacts illustrating the rock ‘n’ roll legend’s life and legacy, as well as exhibits showcasing other visual artists and musicians from West Texas. Across the street is the West Texas Walk of Fame, which was commissioned to honor Buddy Holly and other South Plains artists and is home to a larger-than-life statue of the bespectacled musician.Drink Like RoyaltyLubbock’s semi-arid climate and elevation make it an ideal place to grow wine grapes. The area is home to six award-winning wine producers, including English Newsom Cellars and Llano Estacado Winery, the second oldest winery in Texas. The city celebrates its love of wine with several annual events that combine art, live music and food with an appreciation for local reds and whites. When you get hungry, dine at a farm-to-table restaurant that pairs ingredients from nearby farms with local wines, like eclectic favorite The West Table. If beer is more your thing, check out one of the city’s breweries: Two Doc's and The Brewery LBK are both great choices.For an experience you'll only find in the Hub City, take a trip down the Lubbock Chilton Trail. The city’s signature citrusy vodka cocktail the Chilton has been a staple in the area for over 50 years. Download the interactive pass and sample unique takes on this classic libation at participating restaurants and bars.Hub CityLubbock gets its nickname “Hub City” for its central location. Six major roadways converge in Lubbock, so it’s easy to explore nearby areas and attractions like Caprock Canyons State Park. The city’s convenient setting makes it an excellent jumping off point for adventures through WestTexasand beyond.