Plan a Southern adventure to Macon, and find inspiration in its diverse history and contemporary attractions. Journey to the ancient past at Ocmulgee National Monument, which has 17,000 years of American Indian heritage, including the continent’s only reconstructed earth lodge. Stroll down streets lined with historic architecture and discover untold stories of the Civil War.

History comes alive at the Cannonball House, the only house in Macon damaged when struck by a cannonball during the Civil War. Step through the doors of the Hay House, a seven-story National Historic Landmark and an example of Italian Renaissance Revival architecture. Another Macon treasure, the Sidney Lanier Cottage, is the birthplace of the famous Southern poet and musician.Macon is proud to be home to a host of museums. In the heart of downtown, the Tubman Museum is the South’s largest facility devoted solely to African-American art, history and culture. Visit the Museum of Arts and Sciences and see history, art and science come to life. View a world that’s light-years away in a planetarium. Relive memorable plays and learn about great Georgia athletes at the Georgia Sports Hall of Fame, the country’s largest state sports hall of fame.Experience the “Song and Soul of the South” and pay tribute to Macon’s native son, Otis Redding, at his life-size statue. Visitors can also get in touch with the music of the Allman Brothers Band at their home-turned-museum, The Big House. Visitors can wander down Cherry Street to enjoy live music from today’s rising stars or take a seat for concert performances at one of the iconic local theaters.Keep up with the rhythms of the seasons at Macon’s festivals and events. Macon has year-round entertainment and events. From blossoms, art and heritage in the spring, to spirits in the fall, the city is bustling with excitement during fun-filled annual festivals.Macon has restaurants sure to please any palate. Eat local and grab a quick bite or enjoy a decadent meal. Whether the mood strikes for barbecue or upscale fine dining, Macon has you covered.Take home Macon treasures from downtown boutiques, antique markets and high-end shops to discover what’s new.Historic homes, museums and attractions are open for to visitors for tours. Macon offers a rich and varied experience, making it a great discovery.