Mammoth Lakes is a great base camp for exploring all the things that make the mountains of California extraordinary. Connect with family and friends over a hike to Rainbow Falls, or explore the Devil’s Postpile National Monument. Yosemite National Park is a short drive away, perfect for a day trip. Other amazing places to visit are Mono Lake, Hot Creek Geological Site, or Bodie, California’s official “ghost town,” where the Old West still lives.

Adventure by Day, Relaxing at NightWorld-renowned for its hiking, fishing and horseback riding, Mammoth Lakes is also home to Outside Magazine’s top-ranked mountain bike park in the USA. Load your bike into the gondola for the ride up, and enjoy the views on the ride down. The Mammoth Lakes Basin is full of places to find a quiet hike, catch a trophy trout or take a gentle bike ride with your family on the paved paths. Find your own natural hot springs to relax in, or live it up at one of the festivals or events that make Mammoth Lakes famous. After a day of adventure, take in the majestic mountains vistas over a great meal at one of Mammoth Lakes’ more than 70 restaurants or a nationally famous craft brewery.Mammoth Lakes is home to world-famous Mammoth Mountain Ski Area, one of the official training mountains of the U.S. Olympic Team. Access the highest ski resort in California, at over 3,300 meters, via 28 chair lifts and two gondolas. Massive in size, Mammoth Mountain has 150 runs, with expert, beginner and intermediate terrain from which to choose. Five day lodges offer hearty meals to restore your strength, and craft beers and cocktails to regain your courage.Planning a Memorable HolidayFlying to Mammoth Lakes is easy. The Mammoth Yosemite Airport (MMH) connects travelers with all the iconic gateway cities of California and, with flights under one hour, allows to more time to explore. Combine the mountains with the beach to create a uniquely Californian holiday. You can also build memorable road trips around Mammoth Lakes with visits to Los Angeles, San Francisco or Las Vegas, all of which are within a five-hour drive of Mammoth Lakes. Death Valley National Park is close by, as is Mount Whitney, the highest peak in the continental USA.Mammoth Lakes speaks to the soul with its endless opportunities for adventure for you, your friends and your family. It’s the kind of place you have to visit to understand that in Mammoth Lakes, there are no small adventures.