The Manu'a Islands of American Samoa, including Ofu, Olosega and Tau, float like jewels in the water 100 kilometers east of the island of Tutuila. As remote as they come, the Manu'a Islands are unfettered by buildings and development. Each island offers visitors the chance to relax in an unspoiled paradise, without sacrificing modern comforts.

Soaking Up the LandscapeTogether, the Manu'a Islands are a visual feast, featuring dramatic sea cliffs, aquamarine lagoons and a renowned coral reef. Aside from the dynamic marine life, the islands also function as an unofficial bird refuge. On Tau, the largest of the islands, sits soaring Lata Mountain. At over 960 meters, it marks the highest point in American Samoa. On the ground, the beach at Ofu is a spectacular example of pristine South Pacific shore, ringed by palm trees and tropical flowers. Here, activities include sunbathing, swimming, snorkeling, stargazing and watching the legendary sunsets.Touring the IslandsThere are two main ways to tour Manu'a, on foot or by snorkel, and given the remarkable coral reef, snorkeling is a must-do activity. Head by boat to Vaoto Territorial Marine Park as a starting point for your undersea exploration. To tour by land, note that the National Park of Samoa is home to some of the most sought-after spots in the Manu'a Islands. See them by hiking the Siu Point Trail on Tau, which takes you along a coastal forest. Ofu and Olosega are connected by a walkable bridge, serving as an ocean-front scenic byway.Eat Like the LocalsBecause of the islands' remote location, culinary culture is about what’s growing or swimming right in front of you. If you’re staying at Vaoto Lodge, Ofu Island’s acclaimed hotel, traditional Samoan meals are served regularly. Most dishes in the Manu'a Islands feature seafood, with coconut, banana and breadfruit as other staples. Through the National Park of American Samoa’s Homestay Program, it’s possible to spend your time on the islands in afale, or Samoan house. There, you’ll be treated to authentic Samoan food often cooked in anumu(earth oven) or invited to grill seafood right on the beach.