Location, location, location. If you want to stay at an uncrowded beach in Southern California with easy access to attractions, you’ve found your home base in Marina del Rey. For outdoor recreation, it can’t be beat. The sparkling waters of the marina and Pacific Ocean are just steps away at six waterfront hotels. The inimitable people-watching of Venice Beach and lively pier of Santa Monica are right next door. Within 35 kilometers, you can explore the world-class Getty Museum, shop like a celebrity on Rodeo Drive or discover movie magic at Universal Studios Hollywood.

Where to BeachFrom family-friendly to off-the-beaten-path, there’s a beach to suit every traveler. Marina Beach is known as Mother’s Beach for its sedate waters, playground facilities and close proximity to hotels. To the south, you can watch planes take off from LAX at Dockweiler State Beach or work on your tan and hit the local bars at Playa del Rey, a sleeper town perfect for avoiding crowds. Just to the north, explore Santa Monica’s amusements and shopping, then have your camera ready for the street performers, skateboarders and weight lifters of Venice Beach.Adventures on the OceanMarina del Rey offers some of the most direct and easy access to water sports on the Los Angeles coastline, as well as year-round fabulous weather. Take to the ocean in a Jet Ski, power boat or fishing charter. Soar above Venice Beach and Santa Monica on a parasailing excursion. The marina’s calm waters are ideal for kayaking, stand-up paddleboarding and paddleboard yoga. On any visitor’s must-do list is a dining cruise around the marina or a wildlife-watching trip to glimpse sea lions, porpoises, dolphins and sea birds. If you time your visit between November and May, you may spot migratingCaliforniagray whales.Exploring on LandAfter sun and fun on the beach, don’t forget that there’s plenty to explore on land, too. Pedal through Los Angeles’ eclectic beach towns on the 35-kilometer Marvin Braude Bike Trail. There’s awesome sightseeing, shopping and dining along the way. Stroll the waterfront and watch the boats sail into the marina at Fisherman’s Village and Burton Chace Park. If you want to catch a special event or watch the sunset, this is the place to do it. It’s easy to get around the marina with the free electric shuttle, Circuit (seven days a week, 12 – 9 p.m.), or the WaterBus, which operates during the summer months for just $1, one way.