Located on the forested shores of Lake Superior inMichigan's Upper Peninsula, Marquette is a four-season destination offering year-round outdoor activities and cultural experiences. Summers are warm and mild, perfect for hiking, biking, fishing and chasing waterfalls, while autumns are cozy, accented by colorful foliage and hot cups of cocoa. Winters may be chilly, but that means landscapes covered in snow perfect for fat tire biking, cross-country skiing, downhill skiing and snowshoeing. And if you would rather leave the hiking boots at home, there are also plenty of cultural activities, live performances and other attractions to enjoy.

Explore the Great OutdoorsThe highlight of Marquette is the great outdoors. All year-round there is plenty to do outside. In the wintertime, ski fresh powder at Marquette Mountain Resort or snowshoe through the serene trails of Presque Isle Park. When the temperature starts to warm up in the springtime, hike to some of the area’s best waterfalls, such as Yellow Dog Falls and Morgan Falls. In the summer, work up a little sweat by trekking up Thomas Rock or Mt. Marquette (both offer equally scenic viewpoints in the fall). Cool off with a dip in the nearby lakes or relax in the sand on Little Presque Beach.Discover 19th Century AmericanaThe Marquette area is home to some beautiful 19th-century lighthouses on Lake Superior, and several of these lighthouses are open to the public for guided tours. The Marquette Harbor Lighthouse is a picturesque, bright red historical landmark, built in 1853, that provided safe passage to ships entering the city of Marquette for decades. When you visit, you will enjoy spectacular views of Lake Superior, as well as a maritime museum. That’s not all that Marquette has to offer the history buff: The Marquette Regional History Center hosts diverse exhibits year-round with something interesting for the entire family.Get Inspired by the ArtsArts and culture play a huge role in Marquette as well. Whether you visit a gallery, see a play or listen to live music, enrich your visit with a trip to one of the artistic hubs in the area. Attend any one of the national or international art exhibits put on by the DeVos Art Museum at Northern Michigan University, or spend an evening listening to the Marquette Symphony Orchestra. For a truly local experience, get tickets to a live stage performance, play or musical at Lake Superior Theatre. This hidden gem is housed inside a former boathouse, providing a unique theatrical experience. You can also stop by the Marquette Arts & Culture Center, located inside the Peter White Public Library, for lectures, musical performances and art exhibits.