On Maui, there’s no wrong answer to “What shall we do today?” Wherever you turn, there’s something to see and do, something fun and active, something cultural and historic, something indulgent, something amazingly scenic. This is where island dreams come true, whether they involve sitting on a gorgeous beach watching the waves, golfing on one of the world’s most beautiful courses, exploring underwater, discovering charming small towns or driving along winding roads with incredible greenery and postcard-worthy waterfalls.

Beachy KeenOn Maui’s north shore, watch windsurfers at Ho'okipa  Beach. In the south, Makena Beach, also known as Big Beach, beckons with a long, wide shoreline. Ka'anapali Beach on the west side is popular with tourists and families; its golden sands are walkable, resort-accessible and close to shopping and dining. Speaking of colorful beaches, head to Maui’s east side to see the Black Sand Beach at Wai'anapanapa, the Red Sand Beach at Kaihalulu Beach and the gray beach at the crescent-shaped Hamoa.Top Photo StopsYou’ll need all three days of your admission ticket to spectacular Haleakalā National Park. Capture a painted sunrise at the Visitor Center, then hike or drive to the top of Maui’s highest peak. The Pipiwai Trail has photo stops at a massive banyan tree, an eerie bamboo forest, and Makahiku and Waimoku Falls. Don’t miss the tiered falls at the Pools of Oheo and the otherworldly Haleakalā Crater. In central Maui at Iao Valley State Park, photograph the 366-meter Iao Needle, site of a historic 1790 battle. Don’t miss the dramatic scenery and challenging hairpin turns along the iconic Hana Highway.Great Dining, Shopping and NightlifeIn the town of Makawao, grab a doughnut-on-a-stick at a bakery, check out the art scene and look for Hawaiian cowboys known as “paniolo.” The historic town of Paia offers quirky shops influenced by hippies and surfers. Enjoy a pastry or deli dish from popular Mana Foods. Pick up a one-of-a-kind Hawaiian painting at Laura Mango’s roadside art gallery on the Hana Highway. Food-truck aficionados can’t miss the crispy calamari, coconut shrimp and rice in Kihei. After dark, head to Lāhainā to sip a pint at Maui Brewing Company and stroll the bars on lively Front Street.