From picture-perfect weather, pristine beaches and top-rated attractions, to lavish hotels, eclectic dining and a thriving arts and culture scene, Miami has everything you need for the vacation of your dreams. Look forward to enjoying a mix of international sophistication, natural tropical beauty and authentic cultural diversity. Check out top things to do and places to visit in Miami.

Discover Top Attractions of the CityMiami is most famous for its amazing weather and beaches, and they are spectacular, but the city also offers many unexpected gems. The best place to start is the diverse array of neighborhoods, where visitors are encouraged to explore the cultural roots that make Miami an incredible melting pot. Discover the heritage of the Caribbean in Little Haiti, or the city’s Bahamian foundations in West Coconut Grove. Get immersed in the African-American experience of Historic Overtown or the thriving Miccosukee Native American community in South Dade.Art Deco on Miami BeachIt’s not just the colorful lifestyles and fashions that bring South Beach to life. Admire the colorful architecture lining iconic streets like Ocean Drive. Springing to life in the 1920s and 1930s, and often called the American Riviera, Miami Beach Art Deco was inspired by European trends in Paris and the Mediterranean, and introduced the city to new possibilities of vibrant colors and unique design. Thanks to preservation efforts, visitors can still enjoy these eye-catching beauties. Join a walking tour at the Art Deco Welcome Center to explore the area with an expert.Visit Museums in MiamiMiami has long been home to fantastic and fascinating museums, such as The Bass Museum of Art and The Wolfsonsian in Miami Beach, but the city has added something spectacular to its cultural scene. Downtown Miami is now the proud home of Miami’s Museum Park, a sprawling plaza of green with perfect bayside views. Within this gorgeous park are two of the city’s most exciting new museums – Perez Art Museum Miami and the Frost Museum of Science. Perez, or PAMM for short, features nearly 18,600 square meters of artistic wonders, including experiential art. Frost Museum spans six floors of interactive exhibit areas, including Frost Planetarium and the 500,000-gallon Gulf Stream Aquarium. You can even reach out and touch some of the creatures of the sea.International FlavorLittle Havana is a center for Miami’s vibrant Cuban community. You’ll find food trucks, the best Cuban sandwiches around and late-night salsa clubs like Ball & Chain, a Little Havana favorite. Calle Ocho on Southwest Eighth Street is where Carnival Miami takes place each year. Stop by the family-owned Cuban cigar factory El Titan de Bronze and watch skilled craftsmen roll authentic Cuban cigars. Miami is also home to the ever-evolving Little Haiti, which features an authentic flavor of Haiti alongside new, hip businesses.