Curious about life in the modern Midwestern USA? Look no further than this cool city, laced with walkable streets, authentic neighborhoods full of character, positioned where three rivers meet and on the shores of Lake Michigan. A mix of old and new, Milwaukee preserves – and celebrates – its historic German roots while making way for trendy shopping and dining, an admirable beer scene and all the outdoor recreation an urbanite could want. Stay for Summerfest, the world’s largest outdoor music festival, or visit during winter, when ice skating and downtown carriage tours make the most of the snowy season. No matter what time of year you visit, Milwaukee is an accessible, wallet-friendly city with plenty of year-round culture and natural beauty to explore.

Major MuseumsFind four floors and 40 galleries featuring works from an expansive collection at Milwaukee Art Museum. German Expressionist pieces and American decorative arts are well represented here, as is Wisconsin native Georgia O’Keeffe. At the Milwaukee Public Museum – the state’s largest natural history museum – exhibits and dioramas recreate everything from Africa to Old Milwaukee streets. Learn about space, zoology, geology and other cultures. Approach a different side of history at the Harley-Davidson Museum, where you can explore the Design Lab or climb onto a bike while a rip-roaring video simulates your ride.Science and Nature EncountersMilwaukee’s Discovery World is exactly what it sounds like, with rich science-related events and programs encompassing this sizeable center. Board a historic Great Lakes schooner, mix music, study the path of water and clean air, send Morse code messages and much more in this hands-on, fun-for-all-ages space. There are almost as many ways to explore the Milwaukee County Zoo as there are animals (and there are 2,000 to be exact). Make your way through the specialized habitats – including a hippo zone, aviary, small mammals section and big cat area – by Air Safari, Zoomobile or Safari Train. For a unique view, try the zoo’s ropes course and zip line.Local CultureThe best way to get to know Milwaukee is in its neighborhoods and historic areas, which are teeming with local culture past and present. On Old World Third Street, you’ll find that German heritage you’ve been hearing about. A cheese shop, spice market and sausage market can all be found along the cobblestone streets here, as well as Mader’s restaurant, a 100-year-old institution serving German fare. Looking for more updated dining options? Milwaukee RiverWalk’s 4.8 kilometers wrap around the river and take you into the heart of the city’s nightlife, with dozens of restaurants, pubs and entertainment venues. Shop cool boutiques, galleries and the Milwaukee Public Market in the hip Historic Third Ward, or see the city through the lens of your beer mug on an enlightening and tasty brewery tour.