With easy access to thousands of square kilometers of amazing red rock landscapes waiting to be explored, Moab delivers nonstop fun and excitement for the entire family. While exploring the scenery of the American Southwest, visitors can relax and experience the small-town hospitality of the city, a world-famous base camp for mountain biking, hiking, four-wheel driving or river trips of any length and experience level.

Picture-perfect National ParksJust eight kilometers north of Moab is Arches National Park, containing the world’s largest concentration of natural sandstone arches, among them Delicate Arch, one of the most famous (and photographed). Here you’ll also find The Windows, a series of four arches easily accessible by hike. While here, see colossal sandstone fins, massive balanced rocks, soaring pinnacles and dwarfing spires.Less than an hour from Moab, visitors can find themselves atop the mythical-sounding Island in the Sky, a remarkable district of Canyonlands National Park, the state’s largest national park, which includes soaring Mesa Arch. The Island in the Sky offers many pullouts with spectacular views along the paved scenic drive. Hiking trails and four-wheel-drive roads provide access to backcountry areas for day or overnight trips.Rivers and TrailsThere’s no better view of the snaking Colorado River than from the mesa at Dead Horse Point State Park, just a short drive from town and a hot spot for mountain biking, hiking and wide canyon views. As the only major town in Utah on the banks of the Colorado River, the area is known for its family-oriented whitewater trips on the Fisher Towers section of the river. Wilder single- and multi-day trips are available in Westwater and Cataract Canyons. Additionally, canoes, kayaks and paddle boards are the perfect way to explore calm segments of the Colorado. For a test of skill plus a view, bike Slickrock Trail, a 20-kilometer loop through the petrified sand dunes near Moab in Sand Flats Recreation Area.Rugged ViewpointsPart of the Rocky Mountains, the La Sal Range dominates the Moab skyline. See nine spectacular peaks, hike alpine trails, and view Mill Creek, Negro Bill Canyon and Professor Creek, where you’ll discover waterfalls amid the desert landscape. Two lakes will entice picnickers or those looking to cool off. Visit tiny Castle Valley, an area that’s been featured many times on the big screen for its iconic, austere beauty. From here, take the La Sal Mountain/Colorado River scenic drive to see stunning red rock formations and to pass through the area’s most popular parks and vista points.