Founded by the French in 1702, Mobile,Alabama, has a rich history of English, Spanish, African, Creole, Greek and Indigenous influences, lending an international feel to this Southern city. In and around downtown, the city has seven unique and friendly nationally designated historic districts. Walk around and you’ll discover an abundance of historic architecture and natural beauty amid cosmopolitan restaurants, lively bars, locally-owned shops and fascinating museums.

Walk Through HistoryA number of heritage sites showcase over 300 years ofMobilehistory. Start with the History Museum of Mobile, whose four sites also include Colonial Fort Condé, the Phoenix Fire Museum and the newly opened Africatown Heritage House. The latter is home to Clotilda: The Exhibition, which tells the story of the last ship to enter the U.S. carrying enslaved people. These 110 men and women formed what is now known as the Africatown community. For an in-depth look at Black history in Mobile, take a walking or coach tour of the Dora Franklin Finley African-American Heritage Trail. For a dose of culture, browse the world-class art collection of the nationally-certified Mobile Museum of Art.Strolling downtown, you’ll encounter historic churches and homes that demonstrate impressive architecture throughout the centuries. Highlights include the Cathedral-Basilica of the Immaculate Conception and a series of Victorian, Italianate and Greek Revival-style homes like the Condé-Charlotte Museum house and the Richards-DAR House Museum. Outside the heart of the city, the Bellingrath Gardens & Home are the epitome of Southern charm. March and April are especially beautiful months to visitAlabama, when the roses and azaleas are in full bloom.Military history is also on display at American Civil War-era Fort Gaines and Fort Morgan State Historic Site, which guard the entrance to Mobile Bay. At the USS ALABAMA Battleship Memorial Park, board an authentic World War II vessel to explore its decks and go inside the USS DRUM submarine.On the WaterThis port city is nestled on Mobile Bay, which provides a gateway to the Gulf of Mexico and sugar-sand beaches. Soak up the sun and enjoy coastal breezes on Dauphin Island, a popular beach escape where you can go on boating adventures like deep-sea fishing. Farther inland, the vast Mobile-Tensaw River Delta – known as the “American Amazon” – has a diverse ecosystem teeming with wildlife. An airboat ride is a thrilling way to explore these wetlands where you can spot alligators and hundreds of bird species. Go at a slower pace by kayak to see all that the second-largest delta in the USA has to offer.Mardi Gras FestivitiesThough you might associate Mardi Gras celebrations with New Orleans, Louisiana – a two-hour drive west – Mobile is the birthplace of Mardi Gras in North America, with the first festivities taking place in 1703. This long-standing Carnival celebration continues every year with parades, balls and street parties. February is a great time to visit, when mild winter temperatures make for comfortable Mardi Gras celebrations. Get a taste of the revelry year-round at the Mobile Carnival Museum, which chronicles the event’s history and puts a wide range of memorabilia, props, costumes and floats on display.