Home of the Robertson family, stars of A&E’s hit show Duck Dynasty, Monroe-West Monroe is the place to discover, eat and shop in Northeast Louisiana. With over 100 locally owned and flavored restaurants, abundant shopping, and unique experiences and attractions, Monroe-West Monroe is just the place for your next holiday.

Follow the Beards around town with the Duck Commander Hometown Tour, and visit the locations featured on the show. The Biedenharn Museum & Gardens showcases the family home of Joseph Biedenharn, the first bottler of Coca-Cola, as well as beautiful gardens, the Bible Museum, and Coke Museum. High-flying adventure can be found at the Chennault Aviation and Military Museum as you discover the world famous General Claire Chennault, his Flying Tigers, how Delta Airlines got its start, and more. Discover natural beauty at Black Bayou Lake National Wildlife Refuge with a walk over the bayou, a visit to the wildlife photo blind, or a trip around the lake in a canoe. Relax and enjoy the picturesque views of Landry Vineyards in West Monroe. Sample their wines in the tasting room or dance the afternoon away at one of their popular outdoor concerts on the hillside.Hungry? Monroe's food is full of traditional Southern comfort that is good for the soul. Choose from menus offering fried chicken, smothered pork chops, black-eyed peas, Catfish DeSiard, gumbo, po-boys, sweet potatoes, hot water cornbread, homemade cakes, pies and more. Whether dining on the water or at a plate lunch diner, you are sure to be satisfied.Need a bit of retail therapy? Take a stroll through Antique Alley, “a shopaholic’s delight.” You’ll find blocks of unique antique stores and trendy boutiques in beautiful downtown West Monroe, offering home decor, jewelry, clothing, antiques, art and more.Continue your shopping adventure at Pecanland Mall, North Louisiana’s largest shopping mall, or one of the many chic boutiques located throughout Monroe-West Monroe offering the latest in clothing, accessories, home décor and more.