It may be the smallest state capital in the U.S., but Montpelier is brimming with historic appeal and quirky attractions. The Winooski River flows through the heart of the city, adding to the character of its charming downtown, quaint shops, walking trails and cultural amenities.

Step Downtown for a History LessonTake a free tour of the gold-domed State House; look for the statue of Revolutionary War hero Ethan Allen on the grounds and the Roman goddess Ceres atop the dome. Learn about the state’s history at the Vermont Historical Society Museum. Behind the state house is one of the best hikes in town. Take the steep, wooded hill to Hubbard Park and climb the circa 1930 observation tower for a great view.Too Sweet to Pass ByVermont is synonymous with maple syrup. Tour the farm and take home a bottle of syrup from the gift shop at Bragg Farm Sugarhouse & Gift Shop, family-run for eight generations. Don’t miss out on trying the maple creemee, a soft-serve-like regional treat with a high fat content that gives it a delicious creaminess. Another sweet must-visit that is more than 200 years old, Morse Farm Maple Sugarworks, has a farm life museum, woodshed theater, nature trail and free maple syrup tastings.Cultural Pursuits in MontpelierCatch a stage performance at Lost Nation Theater, concert by the Montpelier Chamber Orchestra or indie film screening at the Savoy Theater. Craft beverages and local food are a big deal here: try a Bee's Knees cocktail made with award-winning gin at the Barr Hill Distillery, sourdough pizza at Woodbelly, or browse the year-round farmers market for specialty breads, cheeses, herbs and handcrafts.Uniquely Vermont a Short Drive AwayCheck out art made from real spider webs at Knight’s Spider Web Farm, dubbed “The Original Web Site.” Hope Cemetery is famous for its elaborate and unusual gravestones; look for a race car, huge soccer ball, biplane and lounge chair, among others. Explore more than 175,000 objects from the natural world at the Fairbanks Museum and Planetarium. Hike to the mountain summit at Camel’s Hump State Park, or Mount Mansfield, Vermont’s highest mountain.