A classic Colorado city, Montrose is where you go when you want to explore the rugged wilderness and enjoy recreational pursuits no matter the season. Picturesque, uniquely cultural and – despite the soaring San Juan Mountains at its southern end – down-to-earth, it’s the kind of place where everything conspires to give you a good time outdoors: mild climate, diverse landscapes, clean alpine air. From its traveler-friendly trails and scenic byways to historic downtown, interactive museums and no-less-than three breweries on Main Street, this city is a welcome gateway to Colorado’s Western Slope.

Bountiful Wilderness and AdventureYou can’t visit Montrose without seeing Black Canyon National Park, home to staggering cliffs made of rocks so striking they look painted, as well as a canyon so deep that looking down from the rim is a beyond-dizzying experience. Hike, drive, kayak or climb your way through this majestic park, but whatever you do, don’t miss it.Lose yourself in the equally compelling beauty of Uncompahgre Wilderness, where the area’s namesake peak rises 4,361 meters, the highest summit in all of the San Juan Mountains. Explore the Gunnison Gorge National Conservation Area by whitewater canoeing or horseback riding through its diverse environment. Fish Gunnison River’s Gold Medal and Wild Trout-designated water. Head to Riverbottom Park to check out the Montrose Water Sports Park, home to the annual Fun on the Uncompahgre (FUNC) Fest and featuring six drop structures, ramps and a beach along the water flows, which are perfect for kayakers.Take the Scenic RouteScenic drives and byways (some historic) deliver visitors one photo opportunity after another, as well as the chance to discover everything from rock art to fossils and Victorian villages along the way. Try Alpine Loop Back Country Byway to view glacial valleys and ghost towns, or San Juan Skyway’s “road to the sky,” featuring mountain peaks, ancient pueblo ruins and hot springs. For an even broader perspective on the area’s geography, culture and history, head to Museum of the Mountain West to see 500,000 artifacts spanning from 1880 to 1930 on display in this recreated Old West village. A visit to the saloon or post office here is a truly authentic experience. The Ute Indian Museum’s rich collection of art and objects, along with its native-plant garden, reflects both the history and the living culture of the Ute people.Downtown and AroundWhile it’s tempting to spend all day and all night (under the stars, preferably) in the great outdoors, the city’s dining, boutique shopping and city-slicker entertainment options are hard to beat. Head to Historic Downtown, where modern Montrose has established itself through brew pubs and art galleries. View the sculptures that are a part of downtown’s Public Art eXperience. Shop the Montrose Antique Trail to score one-of-a-kind treasures. Visit farms and gardens and pick up preserves, oils and other gourmet goodies. Schedule a tasting at a winery, settle in at a classic steakhouse, or wrap your hands around some fresh-roasted coffee.