Welcome to Mountaineer Country, home of West Virginia University, its football program and thousands of loyal, lively residents. This city on the Monongahela River near the Pennsylvania state line has just about every natural asset you could want, from mountains and rivers to lakes and canyons. An eclectic blend of charming features (covered bridges, museums, wineries, scenic drives and overlooks) with exhilarating sports and outdoor activities (hiking trails, whitewater rapids, battlefields), Morgantown is a friendly, diverse city that appeals to just about everyone.

Football, the Arts and Much MoreMountaineer Field at Milan Puskar Stadium and the university’s Coliseum may be popular with cheering fans, but the school’s Art Museum of WVU attracts visitors interested in the visual and performing arts (stop in the Mesaros Galleries for a contemporary exhibit). Head to the Core Arboretum to walk through gardens and along hiking trails, or learn about the state’s coal and petroleum industries at the university’s Watts Museum. Off campus, visit Arthurdale, the first New Deal community established under president Franklin Delano Roosevelt.Four Seasons of RecreationOutdoor fun is all year long here, so take advantage: Ride Cheat Canyon’s 20 kilometers of whitewater rapids or slow it down by fishing on Cheat Lake or Big Bear Lake. Go for a hike in Dorsey’s Knob Park all the way up to the Sky Rock (183 meters) or set off on the Caperton Trail along the Monongahela, where you’ll pass through several parks. If you want a little history with your activity, climb to the top of Cannon Hill, the site of a Civil War battle. Birding is big here, so grab your scope and get to Cooper’s Rock State Forest, one of the best places to spot them.Eat, Drink, Shop and Be EntertainedNightlife is happening in downtown Morgantown, where a cluster of bars, lounges and breweries (try Iron Horse Tavern or Chestnut Brew Works) keep things upbeat. If wine’s more your style, Forks of Cheat Winery has tastings and classes. Dine in one of the restaurants along the Mon River and Rail-Trail.  West Virginia Public Theatre, M.T. Pocket’s Theatre Company and Metropolitan Theater offer a variety of performances. Find retail therapy at the Morgantown Farmers Market or the Morgantown Mall, University Towne Center or Suncrest Town Center.