The wild and the wonderful are waiting for you in Mt. Hood, where adventure lives. This is the home of explorers. From the towering snowcapped peak of Oregon’s tallest mountain to the soaring forests and rushing rivers to the wineries, restaurants and shopping, it’s all here in Mt. Hood Territory, filled with endless possibilities.

Celebrate snow sports at historic Timberline Lodge and Ski Area. Join Olympic hopefuls on the slopes for North America’s longest ski season as they train all summer on the Palmer Glacier. Trek out with Mt. Hood adventure guides on a moonlight snowshoe or snowmobile tour. Shred some powder and marvel over fireworks at Mt. Hood Skibowl. Come summertime, children young and old can enjoy the Alpine Slide and other activities at the Mt. Hood Adventure Park. Stay at The Resort at The Mountain, a premier Oregon golf, ski, spa and meeting retreat. Golfers will enjoy the beautiful 27-hole course. And you can indulge yourself with mind- and body-healing treatments offered by The Spa.Modern-day pioneers will love hitting the closest whitewater to Portland for a rafting or kayaking adventure on the Upper Clackamas River, home to the largest whitewater festival in the Pacific Northwest. For a more relaxed journey, float your kayak amid the majestic natural beauty of the Mt. Hood area's tranquil alpine lakes, or set out on the Willamette River on its way to roaring Willamette Falls.The abundance of urban, touring and mountain biking options attracts cyclists from around the world. Take your adrenaline to the limit on the Sandy Ridge Trail System, which has more than 2,400 hectares of epic flow-based single-track, and Mt. Hood Skibowl’s lift-assisted Mountain Bike Park. Explore the rolling hills of Oregon wine country on the summertime Pioneer Century ride, and gear up for a season of mud, sweat and tears with cyclocross frenzy at local farms.Other adventures await you in the picturesque countryside. Stroll through tulip, lavender and dahlia fields, savor artisan cheeses and end the day sipping a glass of pinot with the winemakers. Equestrian aficionados will want to stop at Quailhurst Vineyard Estate in Oregon Horse Country, home to both award-winning pinot noir and champion dressage horses.Craving more culinary delights? Please your palate at a Winemaker Dinner Series adventure in the historic Silcox Hut at 2,134 meters on Mt. Hood. Enjoy a six-course dinner paired withOregonwines, complete with transportation to and from this rustic chalet via Snowcat.Urban explorers may savor and share the experience of a farm-to-table communal dinner at Allium Bistro's special events. See where food is sourced and venture into pristine farmland in Willamette Valley for a chef-led tour followed by a Field & Vine dinner prepared especially for you.All this and more is in the Mt. Hood area.