From its quaint beginnings as a stretch of shoreline dotted with cottages, Myrtle Beach has grown into a lively centerpiece among world-class destinations. Visitors can enjoy a stroll along the 2-kilometer Oceanfront Boardwalk downtown or dine outdoors at one of the many oceanfront restaurants. More than 90 championship golf courses offer plenty of variety for visiting golfers while Myrtle Beach’s live entertainment and nightlife options provide plenty of excitement. From couples to families to anyone looking to dig their toes into the sand, Myrtle Beach, known to locals as simply The Beach, welcomes all travelers to find their place in this seaside paradise.

Family-Centric AttractionsEnjoy ocean views andfamily-friendlyentertainment at theOceanfront Boardwalk and Promenade, the centerpiece of Myrtle Beach. Play carnival-style games, catch a summertime concert, visit Ripley’s Believe or Not! museum, shop for souvenirs at the Gay Dolphin Gift Cove or brave a slingshot thrill ride. Don’t miss the unbeatable views from the SkyWheel, an observation wheel towering 61 meters above sea level. There’s a plethora of attractions at Broadway at the Beach, too, including WonderWorks indoor amusement park, Ripley’s Aquarium, a water park, the Pelicans minor-league baseball games, movie theaters and nightlife.Shopping, Entertainment and DiningBrowse for bargains at two popular Tanger outlet malls, offering dozens of famous brands such as Coach, Guess, Ralph Lauren, Nike and Under Armour. The outdoor entertainment district at Market Common features a mix of big names, specialty boutiques, restaurants and nightlife. At Barefoot Landing in North Myrtle Beach, check out eclectic shops, stop for a bite to eat, take a riverboat cruise on the Intracoastal Waterway and rock into the night at the House of Blues. Don’t leave without picking up surfwear at the world-famous Ron Jon Surf Shop at Broadway at the Beach.When hunger strikes, stop into some of Myrtle Beach’s incredible restaurants. From quaint local breakfast spots to upscale dining, The Beach offers a wide variety of options to please any craving. Enjoy freshly caught crab, tuna, grouper and more in Murrells Inlet, commonly referred to as the Seafood Capital ofSouth Carolina, or dig into international flavors at cosmopolitan bistros. Make sure to sample some downhome coastal Carolina cuisine: Shrimp and grits, chicken bog and collard greens are can’t-missSouthern favorites.Out-of-Door ForaysTake a boat tour, rent personal watercraft, hire a fishing charter or stroll along tranquil salt marshes lined with shops and restaurants at Murrells Inlet MarshWalk. Golfers can play a round at Caledonia Fish & Golf Club, rated among the nation’s best courses by both Golf Magazine and Golf Digest. Cast a line at Huntington Beach State Park, also known for its diverse bird population and alligator sightings. Capture frame-worthy shots of the gorgeous fountains, colorful gardens, outdoor sculptures and massive oaks dripping with Spanish moss at the top-rated Brookgreen Gardens, which hosts the USA's largest collection of American figurative sculptures.