Now more than ever, Nashville is on the radar. Named one of the “Best Places to Travel” by Travel + Leisure, one of the “Best Foodie Cities" by U.S. News & World Report and one of the "Friendliest Cities in the U.S." by Condé Nast Traveler, Nashville offers an electrifying multi-genre music scene, award-winning cuisine, historic homes, world-class art, myriad attractions, unique shopping, college and professional sports, and more.

Legendary Music SceneOf course, music remains the very heart of Nashville,Tennessee. Long recognized as the world’s capital ofcountry music, Music City is also home to the sounds of pop, rock, gospel, Americana, bluegrass, jazz, classical and more. With more than 180 live music venues, you can catch music mavens and songwriters all over town performing at iconic places like Station Inn, Basement East, Bluebird Cafe, Ryman Auditorium and, of course, all up and down Lower Broadway’s spirited honky tonks.Iconic Cultural AttractionsMany unique attractions call Nashville home, with new exhibits and offerings always in the works. Start with the attractions that reflect Music City’s claim to fame, such as the legendary music venue the Grand Ole Opry and the world-renowned Country Music Hall of Fame® and Museum. Visit Historic RCA Studio B to see where world-renowned artists – like Elvis Presley, Charley Pride, Dolly Parton and more – recorded so many hit songs that the studio became known as Nashville's “Home of 1,000 Hits.” The Musicians Hall of Fame & Museum honors musicians – from stars to studio players – who represent all genres of music and features the very instruments used to record some of music’s greatest hits. Nashville recently celebrated the opening of the National Museum of African American Music, which is dedicated to preserving and celebrating the music genres created, influenced and inspired by African Americans.Nashville’s visual and fine arts scene is also making strides with art crawls, studios and art galleries beckoning visitors all around town. Explore the Frist Art Museum, housed in an exquisitely converted art deco post office. It hosts roving exhibitions that change every couple of months. You can also wander Cheekwood Estate & Gardens, a 22-hectare botanical garden and historic home featuring art galleries.Nashville Flavors & NeighborhoodsThe talent and imagination of local chefs and artisans has recently put Nashville on the map for its culinary scene as well. Dubbed “The Coolest, Tastiest City in the South” by Bon Appetit, Nashville’s creative spirit has infiltrated into its kitchens, turning them into chefs’ studios. From Southern fare to contemporary cuisine, Nashville’s award-winning culinary scene is worth a visit all on its own. The city’s famed Nashville Hot Chicken and hearty “meat and threes” are its most notable culinary creations, but Music City has made itself known for a wide range of flavors and innovations from chef-driven restaurants.To get a feel for Nashville’s lesser-known gems, check out some of the city’s unique neighborhoods, each with a distinct personality. Areas like 12South, Germantown, East Nashville, Wedgewood-Houston and the Gulch offer a good mix of shopping, dining, nightlife and music. While in Music City, stop by the Visitor Information Centers in both the glass tower of the Bridgestone Arena (at Rep. John Lewis Way and Broadway) and on the second floor of Fifth + Broadway, a popular retail and dining hot spot, for information and discounted attraction passes.