Situated directly on the iconic Mississippi River, Natchez is one of the southeastern USA’s hidden gems. More than 1,000 structures in thisMississippicity are listed on the National Register of Historic Places, including homes dating to the late 1700s. They help preserve the city’s storied past, while cutting-edge cuisine and a lively social calendar offer year-round activities for modern travelers. And if you love music, travel the Gold Record Road, a driving tour of fascinating musical landmarks that’s part of the Americana Music Triangle.

Preserving the PastSettled by French colonists in 1716, Natchez boasts a colorful history full of unique cultural influences. At the Grand Village of the Natchez Indians, tour the museum, a replica traditional home and three preserved earthen mounds to learn of the area’s original inhabitants, the Natchez Indians. There are numerous 19th-century structures that are must-sees for any visitor including the William Johnson House, a brick home owned by a free man of color in the pre-Civil War South, and the 1845 Melrose Estate, both of which are National Park sites. No visit to Natchez is complete without seeing Longwood, the largest octagonal home in the USA and one of the city’s most popular attractions.Bring on the MusicNatchez is located within the epicenter of the Americana Music Triangle, the driving trail that leads visitors through a collection of historical, musical and cultural attractions that helped bring rise to nine distinct musical genres. Not surprisingly, Natchez’s live music scene is top-notch. Local favorites include Smoot’s Grocery, a juke joint serving up cold beer and blues music; Biscuits & Blues, known for its Southern comfort food and evening musical acts; and the Under-the-Hill Saloon, beloved for its welcoming locals, great music and fantastic views of the Mississippi River. Find this lively bar in the Under-the-Hill district, a historic river port once known for attracting the rowdiest river travelers. Today, it’s an ideal spot to watch the sunset over the Mississippi River.Only in NatchezLooking for more off-the-beaten-path experiences in Natchez? Once named the Most Interesting Cemetery in the South, the Natchez City Cemetery is best toured with a guide to appreciate all the unusual details and unique stories. Visit the Natchez Museum of African American History and Culture to learn lesser-known historical details about the city including the infamous 1940 Rhythm Nightclub fire; the history of Forks of the Road, the second-largest slave market in the South; and all about acclaimed author Richard Wright, a Natchez native. For an unexpected lodging experience, reserve a room at Concord Quarters. An original 1820s slave quarters, this historic home offers cozy accommodations, homemade breakfasts and hidden history shared by knowledgeable locals.