Yale University is the centerpiece of New Haven, and history oozes from the campus throughout the port town, where the Mill and Quinnipiac rivers flow into New Haven Harbor. Distinct districts around New Haven offer cultural and recreational experiences.

An Ivy League TourBe sure to arrange a campus tour to visit hallowed Yale University, founded in 1701. Marvel at the architecture of the historic buildings, from stately old brick facades to the unusual, mid-century structure that is the Beinecke Rare Book & Manuscript Library.  Also on the must-see list is Yale’s Art Gallery, Peabody Museum of Natural History, the Center for British Art and the Collection of Musical Instruments.The Green, a 6.4-hectare park in downtown New Haven, is popular for festivals like the New Haven Jazz Festival. Sprawling East Rock Park’s 172 hectares are all part of the National Register of Historic Places. Beautiful Edgerton Park was a private estate that was turned into an eight-hectare public park. Grove Street Cemetery, a national historic landmark, was the first chartered burial ground in the USA. See the carousel at Lighthouse Point Park; the 1840 lighthouse is not open to the public, but the park is. To see the sites, use Union Station (the New Haven Railroad Station), yet another of the city’s treasures that’s on the National Register of Historic Places.Arts, Culture and Dining Around the CityStroll the Chapel Historic District for shopping, museums, art galleries and, frequently, live entertainment. See a wide range of performances at Shubert Theater or the Tony Award-winning Long Wharf Theatre. Hear the New Haven Symphony Orchestra perform. Go to the Knights of Columbus Museum to see Catholic-focused exhibitions and to New Haven Museum for a deep look at the rich history of this area. Pizza in New Haven consistently tops the “best” lists; visit restaurants in Little Italy to judge for yourself. The region is also considered the birthplace of the hamburger. Visit beach towns and partake in fresh seafood.