No matter the time of year, New Orleans welcomes its visitors in a grand way to experience Caribbean, Spanish, French and African cultures colliding in a brilliant explosion of flavors, emotions and sounds. Music is everywhere, people live to eat and every day is a party here in the birthplace of jazz, which is also home to Creole cuisine, centuries-old Spanish oak trees and clacking streetcars. With a unique combination of city life, swamp tours, festivals, historical significance and revelry during Mardi Gras, New Orleans has the recipe to captivate everyone.

Absorbing History and ArchitectureHop on the St. Charles Avenue, Canal Street or Riverfront streetcars to explore the more than 300-year-old city that is split by the Mississippi River and surrounded by lakes, bayous and bays. Admire the architecture in over 20 historic districts, more than any other city in the USA. See mansions on St. Charles Avenue, opulent estates in the Garden District and a revolving carousel bar at Hotel Monteleone. In the heart of the French Quarter, you’ll want to linger in lively Jackson Square. After admiring artists’ work hanging on the iron fence and, perhaps, getting your fortune told, cross the street to visit the 18th century St. Louis Cathedral, the USA’s oldest continually operating cathedral. For a different perspective, tour the area aboard the Natchez steamboat or the Creole Queen paddle wheeler.Eating Your Way Through the CityTo fuel all that sightseeing, make a pit stop at the French Market for a cup of café au lait paired with a beignet, or get a cold drink on Bourbon Street. Plot your course for the rest of the day, ensuring you’ll have a chance to sample signature foods, including gumbo, jambalaya, po’boy sandwiches, boiled crawfish and charbroiled oysters. The city’s restaurants, and chefs, consistently earn spots on lists ranking the best places to eat in the USA.Tuning in to MusicA music lovers’ paradise that’s home to Jazz, Zydeco, R&B and Soul, New Orleans has produced its share of musical giants, from greats like Louis Armstrong to contemporary acts like Trombone Shorty, Jon Batiste, Branford Marsalis and Harry Connick Jr. Explore Frenchmen Street in the Faubourg Marigny, an original Creole neighborhood that’s a mecca for nightclubs, bars and restaurants. Live music occurs every day and night of the year, and many venues feature award-winning performers throughout the week. A must-stop is Preservation Hall, dedicated to preserving the New Orleans Jazz tradition.The Fun, Funky and EnlighteningAlso worthy of your time are visits to the National World War II Museum and the Presbytere and Cabildo state museums. Learn about voodoo traditions at shops and museums dotting the city. Dive into the history of Mardi Gras and see how its famous parade floats are made at Mardi Gras World. Take part in New Orleans cocktail culture with a visit to The Sazerac House, which is dedicated to the USA’s original cocktail, the Sazerac. See something you like while exploring? Buy it. The state ofLouisianaoffers tax-free shopping to international visitors. Remember to show your passport and ask for a tax refund voucher; redeem it at Louis Armstrong International Airport or The Outlet Collection at Riverwalk.