Redefine your idea of a Florida getaway with a trip to New Port Richey and Dade City in Pasco County, also known as Florida's Sports Coast, where outdoor recreation, soft adventure, natural scenery and eco-conscious living merge. Just a 30-minute drive from Tampa International Airport, the area, which also includes the cities of Wesley Chapel and Zephyrhills, is removed from big-city living and offers eclectic and authentic Florida experiences.

Coastal Casual: New Port RicheyInstant relaxation will kick in when visiting the New Port Richey area. The Pithlachascotee River, known by locals as the Cotee, flows west from water-rich cypress swamps and meanders 37 kilometers, sweeping through historic downtown New Port Richey and emptying into the Gulf of Mexico.In the 1930s, New Port Richey was set to be America's movie capital. Star power flourished as performers of the time, including Charlie Chaplin and Shirley Temple, owned luxury mansions along the river and enjoyed laid-back coastal living. Alas, air conditioning, although invented, had not become readily available, and Florida's hot, humid summers were not conducive to stage makeup, causing movie makers to abandon their quaint city by the river for milder temperatures in Southern California.Outdoor Recreation: Parks, Preserves and BeachesAt Werner-Boyce Salt Springs State Park, enjoy fishing and paddling the inlets and bayous that meander through the salt marsh. The spring looks small, but is an amazing 97.5 meters deep. Find your own island paradise at Anclote Key Preserve State Park. Enjoy the blue-green Gulf waters that lap gently along the sandy beaches of the four islands that make up the park, which is accessible by private boat or ferry service.For a bird’s-eye view, take a hot-air balloon tour at sunrise. You'll soar 305 meters high over lakes, rivers, springs, swamps and the Starkey Wilderness Preserve. J.B. Starkey purchased this land in 1937 for a cattle ranch; the county has preserved 7,284 hectares for the public to enjoy.Dade City: Rolling Hills, Rich History and Wild ThingsA 40-minute drive from coastal Port Richey, historic Dade City offers family-friendly adventures among gorgeous rolling hills. At Dade City’s Wild Things, get closer than ever to some magnificent animals, including tiger cubs and monkeys, on the guided Sunken Jungle Trek or Jungle Safari Ride.Little Everglades Ranch, an 830-hectare working ranch with a fantastic landscape of hills, lakes and forest, plays host to horse-driving events, the Savage Adventure Race, The Great Bull Run and Bubblefest.Just up the road, you’ll discover Giraffe Ranch, a family-owned, working game farm that strives to conserve endangered species. You’ll ride on a four-wheel-drive safari tour that takes you to see zebras, ostriches and warthogs. One highlight is hand-feeding giraffes and lemurs. A giraffe may even lick you with its super-long blue tongue.No trip to Florida's Sports Coast is complete without visiting Kumquat Growers, the world's leading grower of this unique fruit. A kumquat is an orange-like fruit that is eaten peel and all. Open November to April, this off-the-beaten-path farm and market sells many tasty kumquat products, including kumquat pie, jams, sauces and frozen puree. For more old-time fun, enjoy the Kumquat Festival in Dade City the first weekend in January.Delicious DiningFor green eating, visit Dade City’s Kafe Kokopelli, which maintains sustainable practices, such as using biodegradable to-go containers, cooking with organic ingredients and donating funds to wildlife conservation efforts. Try the she-crab bisque or fried green tomato salad.A Southern Living favorite, Lunch on Limoges offers an atmosphere you won't find every day: Southern fare served by seasoned uniformed waiters in an historic Dade City retail space. Nothing beats a mayonnaise-rich Key West pink shrimp salad served with fresh Florida fruit.