Discover world-class entertainment and cultural delights in Newark, where diverse communities come together to create a unique vibe you won’t find anywhere else. Only 15 kilometers from New York City, Newark has much of the same big-city fun as the Big Apple, but in more intimate bites – and at lower prices. Whether you’re looking to explore historic landmarks, fabulous festivals, inspiring museums, rousing sports or tax-free outlet shopping, you’ll find it all in Brick City.

Connect with Local CultureSpringtime dazzles in Branch Brook Park, where every year the country's largest collection of cherry trees (more than 5,300) bursts into bloom; the annual Cherry Blossom Festival is a can’t-miss. Another green space worth visiting is Harriet Tubman Square, a historic town center that regularly hosts community events, including a biweekly farmers market. Be sure to stop and admire Shadow of a Face, the interactive monument which anchors the park. In the winter, public park Mulberry Commons transforms into Newark Winter Village, where ice skating, go karting and unique igloo dining are the main attractions. For artistic activities, check out the daring displays at Akwaaba Gallery and the contemporary exhibits of Gallery Aferro, as well as the Newark Museum of Art, which also hosts eclectic public events like the popular Art After Dark.Unforgettable EntertainmentNewark’s epicenter for entertainment is the New Jersey Performing Arts Center, where you can see world-class dance, theater, music, poetry and comedy all year. Legendary artists George Gershwin, Patti LaBelle and the Rolling Stones have all performed at the majestic Newark Symphony Hall, while today’s biggest stars and two of New Jersey’s biggest sports teams rock the house at the Prudential Center. Sports fans also won't want to miss a chance to catch New York Red Bulls Major League Soccer at Red Bull Arena. For a super-sized cinema experience, check out Shaquille O’Neal’s CityPlex12, where you can experience flicks in “Shaq DX.”Delectable Dining and Superb ShoppingStart your foodie exploration of Newark in the Ironbound district, which is renowned for its Portuguese, Spanish and Brazilian fare. Local favorites include Taino’s Kitchen, offering Puerto Rican specialties like hearty mofongo alongside a rotating daily specials list, and Seabra's Marisqueira, a family-owned Portuguese eatery that's been serving traditional seafood dishes since 1989. Shopaholics seeking bargains can splurge without guilt at The Mills at Jersey Gardens, New Jersey’s largest premium outlet mall with more than 200 stores, which charges no tax on clothing or shoes. Another fun entertainment area is Halsey Street, Newark’s “stroll district,” where visitors will find a multitude of trendy boutiques, gift shops, restaurants and more.