Since its formation more than 12,000 years ago, Niagara Falls has been a destination for world explorers, honeymooners and daredevils alike. Today, visitors flock to the region to be awe-inspired by the falls’ beauty and power, as well as the scenery and culture of the surrounding region. Here, you can experience a natural wonder of the world, explore acres of pristine hiking trails and scenic terrain, immerse yourself in outdoor adventure and taste the simple goodness of orchards and award-winning wineries.

First Things First: Niagara Falls State ParkWith more than 280,000 liters of water plummeting into the Niagara River every second, Niagara Falls is the kind of natural event that commands attention. There’s no better place to witness it thanNiagara Falls State Park, where multiple lookout points await, along with a cluster of attractions. Pull on your poncho and head down into Niagara Gorge’sCave of the Windsto experience the full force of the water from the Hurricane Deck, or cruise past the falls viaMaid of the Mist, a boat tour that skirts the American Falls base and then pulls into Horseshoe Falls basin. Go above and beyond on a helicopter tour before grabbing lunch atTop of the Falls, a restaurant poised for dramatic views.Outdoor Recreation: Fun on the WaterBeyond the falls, the Niagara River, Erie Canal and Lake Ontario offer plenty of excitement. Take a jet boat tour through rapids, or hike one of the trails around Niagara Gorge, enjoying the native plants and animals that populate this unique wilderness area. Anglers can fish for trout and salmon year round in the Lower Niagara River, Erie Canal and Lake Ontario. Board acruise along the Erie Canal, passing through the waterway’s sole set of double locks and under the widest bridge in the USA while guides narrate the canal’s history. Head to the New York Power Authority’sNiagara Power Vista, an interactive center with mind-blowing exhibits that explore how technology and nature unite.Rich History & Local CharmStop into the sweet Village of Lewiston for a real step back in time and relish the quaint streets, vibrant historical attractions and compelling local culture. Nearby, three centuries of history await atOld Fort Niagara, where one of the oldest surviving U.S. flags is permanently displayed. It was captured by the British during the War of 1812. Just minutes from Niagara Falls is theNiagara Wine Trail, USA, where wineries produce grapes on vines that are more than 100 years old. Hailed as “the most cutting edge wine region in the country” by the New York Post, the Niagara Wine Trail is situated between the Niagara Escarpment and Lake Ontario, where geography gives way to rich soil and a unique micro-climate suitable for the production of grapes to make fine wines.