Almost everything in Norman revolves around the university, but that’s not a bad thing. Visitors to this thriving town about 32 kilometers south of Oklahoma City can join residents in cheering on the Sooners football team or admiring university galleries and monuments. And when they’re done with the campus, they can enjoy Norman’s historic downtown area, bask in the natural beauty of Lake Thunderbird, or have some fun at the local brew houses and on golf courses.

Cultural HubWhen you tour the University of Oklahoma campus, keep your eyes open for buildings on the National Register of Historic Places, including The Boyd House, known as the “OU White House” because it’s the official residence of the university president. Head to one of these world-class museums: the Sam Noble Oklahoma Museum of Natural History, which has the world’s largest dinosaur skull; the Fred Jones Jr. Museum of Art, which contains Impressionist works; the Western History Collections, which houses rare Western documents and artifacts; and the National Weather Center, where you can take a behind-the-scenes tour and learn how severe weather events are predicted.Beyond CampusIn the historic downtown, walk the Legacy Trail, which stops by stunning bronze sculptures forged in Norman’s local foundry, as well as the Santa Fe Train Depot and a replica of the 1942 university clock tower. From there, head over to the Miller and Chautauqua Historic Districts, where homes built between 1910 and 1938 line the boulevards. Admire the 1899 Moore-Lindsay House, a beautiful example of the city’s late Victorian/Queen Anne architectural style. Take in a show at the Historic Sooner Theatre, and browse the shops, restaurants and boutiques in Campus Corner. Sip craft brews or vino at one of the many taverns and wineries around town.Family FunDuring fall football season, don’t miss an exciting Sooners game at Memorial Stadium – and don’t forget to pay homage to the university’s Heisman Trophy winners at nearby Heisman Park. Attractions that are more child-friendly include the Discovery Cove Natural Center, Andy Alligator’s Fun Park and the HeyDay Entertainment Center. No visit to Norman is complete without a round of golf or an excursion to Lake Thunderbird, where you must remember to wear a white T-shirt when you swim – watch it turn red from the Oklahoma red dirt, which is loaded with iron.