Located at the edge of the scenic White Mountains and the Mount Washington Valley in New Hampshire, North Conway is a four-season resort town where New Englanders love to come for short getaways. The town is loaded with elegant bed and breakfasts, top-notch ski resorts, varied shopping, fine restaurants and outstanding wilderness areas. Whether you’re looking for a romantic getaway, a family ski holiday or a fall foliage trip, North Conway’s got you covered.

Scenic Tours and AttractionsThe best way to explore the valley, mountains and forests is by car or train. A popular drive for stunning fall foliage is the 56-kilometer Kancamagus Scenic Byway, which passes through White Mountain National Forest between North Conway and Lincoln. Make stops along the way to see the Albany Covered Bridge, or waterfalls such as Diana’s Baths. Another fun drive is the 13-kilometer Mount Washington Auto Road, which leads straight up to the mountain observatory. If you want to let someone else do the driving, hop on the vintage Conway Scenic Railroad and take a ride past the stunning bluffs, ravines and streams of Crawford Notch.Outdoor PursuitsConway Lake is a popular destination for bass fishing; hire a guide and learn the fundamentals. Hike the trail that loops the lake at Echo Lake State Park. While there, make the challenging hike up to Cathedral Ledge; the breathtaking view from the top is worth it. In the winter months take a sleigh ride, or try snow kiting, where you use a kite to glide across snow and ice. Snowboarding and skiing are also fun pursuits in the winter. During the summer months, you can go whitewater rafting on the nearby Androscoggin River. If you want to combine lodging with outdoor exploration, try one of the multi-day inn-to-inn biking tours.Entertainment and ShoppingTake in a performance at the Eastern Slope Playhouse or The Mount Washington Valley Theater Company.  Take the kids to Mount Washington Valley Children's Museum, or have a grown-up experience at the Conway Historical Society’s Eastman Lord Museum. Shoppers love the brand-name and specialty retail shops at Settlers Green outlet center, as well as the numerous antique shops around town.