Just outside sprawling Chicago – 32 kilometers, to be exact – you’ll find the wealthy, welcoming municipalities of Oak Brook, Naperville, Hinsdale, Wheaton, Glen Ellyn and other prominent communities within DuPage County. Here you get the best of city and suburban life: major shopping and dining, gardens and museums with charming local color and culture. From golf courses and historical neighborhoods to nature trails and bike paths, there are hundreds of family-friendly attractions to explore.

Nature, PreservedVoted the healthiest county in Illinois, DuPage County boasts over 10,000 hectares of bike paths, hiking trails and lush green spaces. Locals take pride in the conservation, sustainability and continued betterment of the region's parks and forest preserves. Immerse yourself in nature at The Morton Arboretum, a 688-hectare botanical living history collection. Guided tram tours take you across the grounds, including woodlands, wetlands and a prairie. You don’t have to be a kid to enjoy the Children’s Garden, an expansive adventure area with tons of interactive activities. At Cantigny Park, enjoy multiple gardens, a greenhouse, two museums and a championship golf course. Cycle or walk the 98-kilometer Illinois Prairie Path from one of many points, including the historic Chicago Aurora & Elgin electric wilderness route.Fascinating CultureDuPage County is on the forefront of scientific discovery and conservation research. It’s home to one of only two international laboratories for particle physics in the world (Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory) and the top producing research center for energy applications (Argonne National Laboratory). Both of these prestigious labs offer tours with viewing areas and hands-on exhibits. The Fermilab Art Gallery and The Leon Lederman Science Education Center, as well as Wilson Hall, are also open to guests of all ages.Get a deeper understanding of DuPage County’s diverse cultural tapestry at BAPs Shri Swaminarayan Mandir Chicago, a majestic Hindu structure and place of worship. Visitors can partake in the “Understanding Hinduism” exhibit, spend time in the Haveli (an intricately designed wooden structure and courtyard) or marvel at the Mandir, with its elaborate architecture. Don’t stop there. Step back in time at Naper Settlement, an outdoor living history museum with ties to Chicago’s underground railroad, and the Agricultural Interpretive Center, a play-scape fit for the whole family to explore.Unbeatable Shopping and DiningOpportunities to indulge are in endless supply here – and surprisingly affordable. Reserve a day to experience Oakbrook Center, one of the largest and most prominent open-air upscale shopping centers in the USA. You’ll find nearly 160 shops, restaurants and high-end department stores in a stylish setting that includes gardens, fountains and displays of modern art. Be sure to visit Chicago Premium Outlets, which offers nearly as many stores including designer labels at a discounted price. After shopping, you can feed your appetite at steakhouses, Italian restaurants, Latin eateries, brew pubs, al fresco cafes or wine bars serving small plates. There are hundreds of local favorites and surprising international flavors to explore in the DuPage dining scene.