In the heart of California’s Central Valley, in the shadow of the Sierra Nevada Mountain Range, is Madera County, the southern gateway to Yosemite National Park and home to quaint resort towns such as Oakhurst and Bass Lake. While outdoors adventures top travel itineraries, Madera County offers a range of out-of-the-park pursuits, including hands-on history experiences and a trail dedicated to exploring local wine heritage.

In the Scenic OutdoorsBeyond Yosemite, an ideal place to explore is the Sierra National Forest, go toBass Laketo reel in trout, bass or crappie, or rent one of several types of watercraft for a thrilling time in the emerald-green water. Explore this 527,000-hectare national forest and see more lakes, theNelder Groveof Giant sequoia trees, granite monoliths and hot springs. Take a trip along theSierra Vista Scenic Byway; you’ll be on forest roads with a variety of surfaces, sometimes driving only 24 kilometers per hour.Near the south entrance of Yosemite National Park, board a vintage train powered by a steam locomotive and go on the Yosemite Mountain Sugar Pine Railroad excursion. You will learn how lumberjacks felled trees and floated them down the mountain via a flume.Wine Heritage AboundsPlot a route of family-owned wineries that comprise theMadera Wine Trail. See firsthand how the varied soil types, temperature and proximity to the San Joaquin River and mountain ranges make this grape-growing region unique.Meet award-winning winemakers, make yourself at home in one of their tasting rooms and learn about Madera County’s wine heritage that began in the late 1800s. For generations, the winery families have lived on farms, growing grapes to produce internationally recognized dessert wines, ports and other vintages.Make the most of a wine trip by booking a nearby hotel and arranging for one of the area’s professional charters to take you to stops along the trail.Attractions of NoteTheFossil Discovery Center of Madera Countyis a family attraction that includes a museum and mock dig pit with fossils from the Pleistocene epoch about 700,000 years ago. Since the tusk of a Columbian Mammoth was found 17 years ago, more than 15,000 fossils have been discovered there.Learn about more recent history at theSierra Mono Museum, where you’ll find displays of Indian baskets, weapons, ceremonial artifacts, beaded crafts and dioramas.Visit in October, whenSierra Art Trailsbrings thousands of visitors from all over the world to an annual open studio tour. It features more than 100 artists who open their studios and homes to show and sell their work, which often draws inspiration from the incredible local scenery.For an evening out, check the schedule at theGolden Chain Theatre, which stages live theater throughout the year.