Comfortably nestled between the eastern and western coasts of Florida, Ocala/Marion County offers a vibrant destination that will take you by surprise. From the beauty of crystal-clear springs to the impressive and sprawling World Equestrian Center, and from historic sites to endless hiking and biking trails, there’s plenty to explore. Plus, the sunny skies match the sunny disposition of friendly, relaxed and welcoming communities that you’ll encounter along the way.

Scenic Natural WondersRelishing the great outdoors is easy in Ocala/Marion County, especially if you’re drawn to the water. The stunning artesian springs that give Silver Springs State Park its name are both captivating and historical. Take a tour in a glass-bottom boat to get an unbeatable view of underwater life in these azure depths. You may spot manatees, many species of fish and even sunken boats. Or, rent a canoe, kayak or stand-up paddleboard to make your way down the pristine Silver River. For a refreshing dip, head to Rainbow Springs State Park, where the water remains at an ideal 22°C year-round. It’s the perfect temperature to enjoy swimming, snorkeling, diving, tubing and paddling in the unbelievably clear headsprings of the Rainbow River. Just downriver, KP Hole® Park is another idyllic family-friendly spot to spend the day. And in the Ocala National Forest, home to more than 200 square kilometers of waterways and springs, there is a wealth of recreational opportunities. After hiking, biking, paddling, bird watching or camping, cool off in the enticing waters of Silver Glen Springs, Juniper Springs and Salt Springs.Outdoor ThrillsIf your idea of outdoor fun is more fast paced than a leisurely swim, you won’t be disappointed inOcala/Marion County. Head to The Canyons Zip Line and Adventure Park to tap into your daring side. With nine zip lines, some over 335 meters long, you’ll soar across the sky through shaded canopies and stunning canyons, taking in the views over sparkling lakes. The park also offers horseback riding, kayaking and gem mining. Internationally recognized for its mountain biking trails, Santos Trailhead features more than 125 kilometers of paved and unpaved singletrack. Offerings range from beginner-friendly trails to twisting routes that challenge experienced riders, making for an exhilarating way to immerse yourself in the naturalFloridalandscapes.Florida’s Horse CountryA world-renownedequestrian destination, Ocala/Marion County has more than 600 horse farms that breed and train champions in racing and equestrian competitions. To get the full equine experience, you can tour a farm, enjoy a leisurely carriage ride through rolling pastures, go horseback riding or attend one of the many competitions and shows. The calendar is especially full during equestrian season from mid-December through March, and the World Equestrian Center plays host to much of the activity. This massive complex offers a full day of fun for everyone, with shopping, restaurants, exposition centers, a pub, horse and dog shows, a luxury hotel and more.Rich History and CultureDig into the roots of the area with a self-guided historic walking tour in downtown Ocala, strolling by façades from the city’s past. Old mixes with new thanks to eclectic boutiques, fantastic restaurants and impressive galleries, plus you’ll find the Ocala Downtown Market on Saturdays. Cultural highlights around town include Tuscawilla Art Park, Reilly Arts Center and the Appleton Museum of Art, where you can explore exhibits ranging from European paintings and modern sculptures to centuries-old artifacts and work from Florida artists. For a history lesson, visit Fort King National Historic Landmark to learn about this former military post’s role in the Seminole War, explore a scale replica and walk the interpretive trail.