Picture a classic U.S. beach town. Add a modern boardwalk, a beach that offers every exciting activity under the sun and a reputation for some of the best marlin fishing in the USA, and you’ve got Ocean City. Though its sands stretch only 16 kilometers along the Atlantic, it may as well be 50, such is the variety of things to do here. Ocean City is a basecamp beach, family-friendly, accessible and offering something for all ages. You can golf or mini-golf, dine to-go on the boardwalk or head to an ocean-side grill for fresh seafood and wine.

About That BeachPicking a prime spot on this beach is easy; it’s wide and long. It’s also one of the cleanest beaches in the USA, with a five-star water quality rating. Walkways across the sand bring you close to the water, whether you’re on the south end (a lively scene) or the north end (a more serene spot). Ride a personal watercraft, kayak or boat across the waves; there’s no shortage of ways to have fun in the water. On land, fly a kite, play beach volleyball or even horseback ride across the sand.A Bustling BoardwalkBuilt in 1902, this is one of the most celebrated boardwalks in the USA, and you’ll see why as soon as step upon it. Lined with restaurants, ice cream shops and souvenir stores, the boardwalk is also home to an arcade, a Ferris wheel and Trimper’s Rides, a mini-amusement park with one of the oldest carousels around. At the Ocean City Life-Saving Station Museum, learn about the organization that came before the Coast Guard. This is the perfect spot to watch fireworks over the Atlantic, so pick up some Thrasher’s French fries and find yourself a bench.Recreational PursuitsDive a sailboat wreck. Navigate a go-kart. Fish the pier, play tennis or skate down the boardwalk. You can be as active as you want here, or take it all in stride on a water sightseeing tour, where you’ll learn about the environment and get a history lesson, too. For inland sports, head to Northside Park, a public sports arena, or to Ocean Bowl Skatepark. From paddle boarding to paintball, you can be on the move here, unless you want to slow down. In that case, visit Ocean City’s Center for the Arts to see an exhibit or go to the Performing Arts Center for a show.