Once a turn-of-the-century artists’ colony, this serene seaside village is a place where wildflowers bloom along the coast, and the village itself is filled with beachy cottages and old clapboard buildings. There’s no need for a car; the trolley system will take you wherever you need to go, or just stroll or bike around town like everyone else. Spend a day on the fresh white sand at Ogunquit Beach watching the sailboats meander by or head out on a lighthouse-viewing or lobstering cruise. From its plucked-from-the-ocean seafood to its vibrant artistic community and laid-back nightlife, Ogunquit is a sweet escape.

Sample Ogunquit Culture and HistoryDon’t let the city’s small, walkable scale fool you – Ogunquit is bursting with arts and culture. The Ogunquit Museum of American Art’s intimate space has the feeling of a gallery, but you’ll find 1,600 pieces on view. At the Heritage Museum, step inside an 18th-century home and explore historic artifacts that cover all aspects of the city’s fishing and artistic culture. Famous for its summer theater and Broadway-worthy shows, the Ogunquit Playhouse is set in a 1933 garage. The Levitt Fine Arts Theatre offers both live performances and movies, with a weekly silent film series set to a live score.Along the Beach and Up the MountainAt almost six kilometers long, Ogunquit Beach is spacious, clean and accessible by a footbridge, which also connects it to smaller Footbridge Beach. Both beaches have rolling, grassy dunes and plenty of water activities and are a short stroll from fudge shops and candy stores selling saltwater taffy. Marginal Way, the area’s two-kilometer-long walking path, offers stunning coastal views of the rocky shoreline. Take in the birds and landmarks until you wind up in Perkins Cove, a lobstering village. For more of a challenge, head to nearby Mount Agamenticus, a conservation area with hiking trails, lush forests and unspoiled coastline. Hike, drive or bike to the mountain peak.Eat, Shop and Go LobsteringJust south of Ogunquit, Perkins Cove is a fishing village filled with quaint boutiques, galleries and shops featuring the work of Maine artisans and restaurants dishing up the state’s famous lobster rolls. It’s also your last stop before heading out on the water. Tour operators offer outings of all kinds, from hands-on lobstering cruises to deep sea-fishing charters, cocktail cruises and lighthouse tours. Take a day trip to shop at the Kittery Outlets or go antiquing in Arundel.