The waterfront state capital of Washington is blessed with mild winters, warm summers, evergreen forests, mountain ranges and sandy beaches, the perfect setting for days filled with exploration, especially for those who revere the great outdoors. There also is plenty to do in this relaxed, unpretentious town to satisfy those in search of historical monuments, artisanal food or cultural pursuits, both in the city center and the surrounding countryside.

History, Architecture and MuseumsThe stunning State Capitol building, the No. 1 tourist attraction in Olympia, provides a striking focal point to this small, vibrant town. Designed in 1911 as part of an architectural competition, it is open daily for free tours. Olympia also has an Old Capitol Building, which was built in 1892 from sandstone and is known as The Castle. Elsewhere in town are several well-preserved historic homes, including Bigelow House and Museum, Olympia’s oldest residence, and Crosby House Museum, one of the state’s oldest wood-frame houses. The city has an aviation museum and a floating maritime museum, set in a 100-year-old tugboat, but the top museum by far is Hands On Children’s Museum, a wild, wacky place for children, and adults, of all ages.Nature and WildlifeTo get fresh air and exercise, try Priest Point Park. This peaceful waterfront retreat has wooded trails, a playground and a sandy beach. A little farther afield is Long Lake, where you can rent a boat and go fishing. About 16 kilometers outside of town is the lovely Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge, where you can see more than 275 migratory bird species and watch salmon swim upstream during spawning season. To see conservation in action, head to Tenino, where Wolf Haven rescues wolves and coyotes and lets you see them up close and learn about them.Wining and DiningFor 41 years, the Olympia Farmers Market has enticed visitors with its blend of locally grown produce, artisan crafts, baked goods, meats, restaurant fare and live music. Locally sourced food is a key ingredient at Olympia’s restaurants, which range from family-owned sandwich shops to brew pubs to the ubiquitous coffee houses. Take a self-guided tour on the 96-kilometer Thurston Bountiful Byway and leave plenty of time to stop at the many farms, distilleries and boutiques, where you’ll find all manner of fruits, beers and spirits. Likewise, plot a tour of a few of the local wineries and discover the fantastic wines of the Pacific Northwest.