Omaha’s name translates to “those going against the wind or current,” and Nebraska’s most populous city with agricultural roots does exactly that. It’s the kind of place where the old is made new again, where you can be both a cowboy and an indie rock star, or see an American Indian Powwow one minute and go on a brewery tour the next. Founded by land speculators, Omaha keeps that prospector spirit alive, offering a fresh take on how Midwestern cities are supposed to be. Think the only tech hubs are on the U.S. coasts? Welcome to the Silicon Prairie. Convinced Nashville’s where the best music is recorded? Give Omaha’s Saddle Creek Records a listen.

Down by the RiverMost of Omaha’s cultural institutions are clustered along the Missouri River waterfront in the Old Market area, a turn-of-the-century district that is now an entertainment and shopping hotspot. Here, find Bemis Center for Contemporary Arts that offers live-work opportunities to artists, the Omaha Children’s Museum, The Durham Museum in a renovated Union Pacific train station, and Joslyn Art Museum. See a show at Creighton Orpheum Theatre or stop by Hot Shops Art Studio, a converted mattress factory with studios for about 80 artists. Old Market’s restaurants feature some of the best Omaha cuisine. Enjoy the view of the downtown landscape from the Bob Kerrey Pedestrian Bridge, which links Nebraska and Iowa.Outdoor Enthusiast’s PlaygroundFive lakes and two rivers offer the chance to boat, fish and swim your way around Omaha. Take a gondola ride on the Missouri River at downtown’s Heartland of America Park or head to Lewis and Clark Landing, where interpretive exhibits shed light on the explorers. Omaha is a prime birding spot: Scope birds at Chalco Hills Recreation Area, Zorinsky Lake Park or nearby Fontenelle Forest.Don’t-Miss DestinationsThe much-heralded Henry Doorly Zoo and Aquarium has a rainforest, desert habitat, big cat complex, camel rides and even a chairlift over the zoo. For a little political history, visit the expansive Malcolm X Birthsite, a memorial to the civil rights leader. A tour of historic Boys Town, a 1917 children’s home, is definitely not to be overlooked. See the significance of Omaha’s music scene at Saddle Creek Records Slowdown rock club and bar on the same block as the independent record label.