You’re looking for a small town to unplug from your hectic life. You need some fresh air and outdoor fun. You want a place you can visit any time of year and find something memorable to experience. What you’re looking for is Pagosa Springs. Located along the San Juan River in southern Colorado, Pagosa Springs has a laid-back vibe accompanied by gorgeous mountain views and four-season outdoor recreation, from snow sports in the winter to fun on the river in the summer. When you need to unwind, you can soak in the world’s deepest geothermal hot springs as you take in downtown views and surrounding scenery.

A Season for AllIn Pagosa Springs, you don’t just visit – you engage. Whether you come to experience stunning fall foliage, the wonderland of winter snow, a rainbow of wildflowers in the spring or the perfect temperatures of summer, the call to explore the outdoors is impossible to resist. Wolf Creek Ski Area receives an average of 12 meters of snowfall annually, making for the area’s best skiing, snowboarding and snowmobiling. As the weather warms, the San Juan River beckons with opportunities for trout fishing, whitewater rafting, tubing and kayaking, while the San Juan National Forest surrounding Pagosa Springs is full of trails for hiking, mountain biking, horseback riding and camping.Hot Springs for Health and FunThe natural hot springs for which the city is named are open year round, whether the sun is shining or snow is falling. Used by ancient Puebloan tribes for centuries, the mineral-rich waters offer replenishing benefits to soothe the body and soul. There are three downtown hot springs, each with its own features. The “mother springs” at The Springs Resort & Spa features 23 spring pools right on the banks of the San Juan River; Overlook Hot Springs boasts mountain and river views from its rooftop hot tubs; and Healing Waters Resort & Spa has a naturally heated mineral springs swimming pool.History, Art and CultureFor a small mountain town, Pagosa Springs delivers big on culture. Catch a performance at the Pagosa Springs Center for the Arts, where the resident Thingamajig Theatre Company stages dramas, musicals and comedies. The Pagosa Springs Museum is open seasonally with exhibits covering local history, while nearby historic railroads offer a glimpse into the region’s pioneer and mining past. Don’t miss a visit to Chimney Rock National Monument, a fascinating site replete with ancient archaeological finds from ancestral Puebloans. The streets of downtown Pagosa Springs have plenty of diversions and amenities without a chain store in sight. Browse galleries, jewelry shops and boutiques featuring work by local artisans – you’re sure to find the perfect memento to take home. Finish the day sampling the flavors of locally owned restaurants, breweries and cafes.