With nearly 30 tropical beach parks spanning more than 75 kilometers along the Atlantic Ocean and more than 160 sun-soaked golf courses, beautiful Palm Beach County, also known as The Palm Beaches, is an inviting escape. No matter your interest, age or budget, the area offers a range of activities from the Atlantic coast to the northern edge of Everglades National Park. Relax on the beach; fish, paddle or snorkel in pristine waterways; or stroll the shops for souvenirs.

Relax Near, In or On the WaterSoak up the sun in The Palm Beaches along the water’s edge, take a dip in the ocean or book a leisurely boat cruise. For a full outdoor adventure, go to John D. MacArthur Beach State Park and kayak to Munyon Island for hiking or picnicking. Relax or hunt for seashells on the park’s more than 3 kilometers of beaches. From early May through late August, the park is a prime nesting ground for loggerhead, green and leatherback sea turtles. Learn more about the area’s sea turtles at the Loggerhead Marinelife Center, a nonprofit sea turtle research, rehabilitation and educational institution that promotes conservation of ocean ecosystems. Near MacArthur Park is Singer Island, a picturesque oceanfront neighborhood with easy access to snorkeling, diving and biking.Hunt for SouvenirsThe Palm Beaches are known for world-class shopping. Start exploring along Worth Avenue, a four-block shopping and dining district stretching from the Atlantic Ocean to the Intracoastal Waterway. While touring boutiques, pay attention to the classic Mediterranean architecture along the avenue. Refuel with a cocktail or a meal at one of the restaurants or bistros. Just north of Palm Beach, visit Northwood Village for its collection of hip boutiques, art galleries and restaurants. On the last Friday of each month, the shopping district hosts a wine stroll. Harbourside Place, along the scenic Intracoastal Waterway in Jupiter, is home to a variety of restaurants and shops. Hear live music at the center’s amphitheater several nights a week.Grab the Golf ClubsThis destination is a golfer’s paradise. Each year, top golfers compete in the PGA Honda Classic tournament. Even if you’re not a pro, the Palm Beaches have more than 160 golf courses to suit every skill level. Check outFlorida’s oldest course at The Breakers, which has been welcoming golfers for more than a century. The resort’s Ocean Course features hundreds of palm trees, six lakes and unforgettable tropical landscapes. For five top-notch courses, hit the links at the PGA National Resort & Spa, where the Honda Classic is played. Don’t miss the view from the 18th hole of The Palmer, the resort’s course designed by famed golfer Arnold Palmer.Embark on an Educational Field TripThere’s much to learn about the history of The Palm Beaches. A great place to start is the Henry Morrison Flagler Museum. The museum is actually Whitehall Mansion, a Gilded Age estate that was completed in 1902. While there, you’ll learn the story of Flagler, a railroad, hotel and oil magnate, as well as the history of the 75-room mansion that was Flagler’s winter home. For a different type of educational experience, head to Lion Country Safari. The drive-through park, founded in 1967, allows visitors to see more than 1,000 animals – including giraffes, lions, rhinos and zebras – in a preserve setting. At the on-site amusement park, visitors can play miniature golf, go on a paddleboat and enjoy colorful rides tailored to kids.