Rich in cultural history and tranquil landscapes, Paso Robles is a laid-back gem of California’s world-famous wine country. Here, you can savor boutique wines, enjoy true farm-to-table dining, relax in natural hot springs and take a day-long bike ride through rolling vineyards under the brilliant California sun. This idyllic city full of small-town charm is halfway between San Francisco and Los Angeles, making it both ideally located and a destination all its own.

Wine and DineOnce called the Almond Capital of the World, Paso Robles has a long tradition of farm-fresh flavors. Four weekly farmers’ markets sell the region’s freshest fare including the Templeton Farmers Market, known for its deeply passionate vendors selling everything from local grapes to just-baked bread. Wine grapes were first introduced to the region in the 18th century. Book a vineyard tour and tasting at Niner Wine Estates, where you’ll see a distinctive heart-shaped grove that gave their Heart Hill Vineyard its name, or reserve a VIP tasting experience in a wine cave at Eberle Winery. For more artisan wine, along with cider, craft spirits and local food, check out the drinking-and-dining complex at Tin City.Local History LessonsMission San Miguel de Arcangel, considered one of the most authentic-looking ofCalifornia’s 21 Spanish missions, was founded in 1797 and is a must-visit to see historic adobe walls and preserved native art. The Estrella Warbirds Museum houses an impressive collection of military planes, vehicles and munitions, while the Pioneer Museum displays fascinating local history along with quirky artifacts such as an old jailhouse door, a one-room schoolhouse and a collection of barbed wire.Cultural EncountersLocated at Sensorio, an entertainment destination that aims to combine art, technology and nature, the dazzling “Field of Light” art installation is a multi-colored light show that blankets six hectares of rolling hillside. For art lovers, Studios on the Park Gallery hosts 15 working artists in an open studio environment, allowing you up close access to unique, creative talent. After mingling with the artists, explore the rest of downtown Paso Robles to enjoy local boutique shopping and a plethora of unexpected restaurants that combine culture with cuisine, from California-Mexican seafood and tequila at Fish Gaucho to delicious French-inspired fare at Les Petites Canailles.