Excitement takes many forms in and around Peach Springs,Arizona, from braving the glass-bottomed Grand Canyon Skywalk to embarking on a zip lining adventure to touring by helicopter, boat or raft. Charming Peach Springs, which inspired the town in the animated film “Cars,” is the starting point for a variety of activities available at the Grand Canyon’s West Rim. This is a destination that’s rich in unparalleled natural beauty, adrenaline-pumping adventures and authentic culture.

Discover Hualapai CulturePeach Springs is the capital of the Hualapai (pronounced Wal-lah-pie) nation, an American Indian tribe whose name means “People of the Tall Pines.” Visitors to Grand Canyon West can explore the Hualapai Ranch, with its rustic cabins, food hall and recreational activities. Learn more about the tribal nation at the Hualapai Cultural Center, which features classes in traditional crafts, language programs and more. Or, go on an unforgettable whitewater rafting excursion with the Hualapai River Runners.Brave the Grand Canyon SkywalkThe glass-bottomed Grand Canyon Skywalk, a horseshoe-shaped walkway, allows visitors to take a memorable stroll about 1,600 meters above the Colorado River Valley. The skywalk affords stunning canyon views through five layers of glass. The curved bridge is anchored by red limestone, resting on a foundation of eight columns. Hungry visitors can enjoy a view with their meal or glass of wine at Sky View restaurant. Save time to see Eagle Point, named after a rock formation that resembles the majestic bird. The skywalk’s amphitheater hosts daily traditional Native American dance performances, and the gift shop sells handcrafted jewelry and artwork from Hualapai and other tribal members.More Epic Grand Canyon ViewsThe remnants of a now-shuttered guano mine provide one of theGrand Canyon’s most breathtaking scenic stops, Guano Point. The Highpoint Hike up to Guano Point offers 360-degree views of the canyon. Visitors can dine at the canyon’s edge at Guano Point Cafe or browse Native American jewelry and crafts at the Hualapai Market. A variety of tour operators also offer helicopter adventures at Grand Canyon West, both above and below the canyon’s rim. Flights are typically 15 to 20 minutes long, with some allowing visitors to explore the landing bluff at the bottom of the canyon.