Visitors are drawn to Pensacola to experience its beautiful, off-the-beaten-path beaches and outstanding waterfront restaurants serving fresh, local seafood. But what many may be surprised to find out is that this unpretentious gem of a city also offers cultural diversions, from opera and ballet to the Pensacola Symphony Orchestra and the accredited Pensacola Museum of Art. There’s something for everyone in this vibrant seaside community waiting for you at the western edge of northern Florida.

Gorgeous Gulf of Mexico BeachesPensacola has so much to offer in terms of the arts, culture and its thriving culinary scene. But the main draw, for good reason, remains its turquoise waters and white-sand beaches populated by visitors and friendly locals alike. This quintessential U.S. beach town is home to the Gulf Islands National Seashore, which is the longest federally protected seashore in the country. Looking for more relaxation than adventure? Make your way to Pensacola Beach or Perdido Key to enjoy beachside seafood shacks and brightly colored beach chairs perched on top of 100% quartz sand washed down from the Appalachian Mountains.Arts, Culture and Naval HistoryPensacola is the only destination between Tampa,Florida, and Mobile, Alabama, with the distinction of possessing what's known as the "Top 5" – a historic theater, symphony, ballet, opera and an accredited art museum. Step off the sand and into vibrant downtown streets filled with art galleries, live music venues like Vinyl Music Hall, and coffee shops tucked away behind brick walls covered in street art. Of course, Pensacola’s lively arts scene would be incomplete without mentioning Foo Foo Fest. The 12-day event takes place in the fall and is a celebration of all things culture and arts. Live music, interactive art installations and even a “Grease” sing–along are part of the festivities. For a fascinating glimpse into military and aerospace history, visit the National Naval Aviation Museum. Get up-close glimpses of the Blue Angels and their jets; they practice along a flight line near the museum and beach. See what it’s like to fly a jet in one of the museum’s simulators.Get a Taste of Local SpecialtiesTake a casual stroll down funky, historic and legendary Palafox Street for a taste of what the city’s finest chefs, mixologists and brewers have to offer. Pensacola is home to several local breweries in addition to popular Florida-inspired restaurants. You’ll find it all, from seafood-basket joints to fine dining institutions. Don’t miss the prime Delmonico at Jackson’s Steakhouse and the shrimp and grits for brunch at Ruby Slipper. The top draw, of course, is a table at a beach restaurant with sweeping views of the sand and surf.In that same spirit, one of Pensacola’s nicknames is “Festival City of the South” because of the volume of festivals it hosts throughout the year. Each month brings a new roster – the Great Gulfcoast Arts Festival, Pensacola Mardi Gras, the Pensacola Seafood Festival, the Frank Brown International Songwriters Festival - and the list goes on and on.