Discover Philadelphia, the first World Heritage City in the USA, where history meets innovation and culture. Here for your next great American adventure, Philadelphia is conveniently located between New York City and Washington, D.C. in the centre of it all along the northeast corridor of the U.S.

Easy to get to and get around, once you arrive in Philadelphia, you will find a multitude of cosmopolitan experiences to choose from. Become captivated by this 21st century city, where an inspiring, creative culture merges with ideas, technology and education. Home to some of the nation’s most beloved historical sites, Philadelphia is spirited with independence and is touted as the “Birthplace of America.”Philadelphia is where the American Dream was founded and the model for modern-day democracy was forged. In the home of iconic places, such as Independence Hall (a UNESCO World Heritage Site), the Liberty Bell and the National Constitution Center, you will get a glimpse at the birth of a nation.Innovation and education are at the heart of both the Philadelphia and American stories. Ben Franklin, the iconic Philadelphian, led early American innovation, creating the first university and hospital, both located in Philadelphia and open to visitors.World-class cuisine prepared by celebrity and award-winning chefs can be found throughout the diverse neighborhoods that make up the downtown area. Options abound as Philadelphia is home to more than 1,000 restaurants in the Center City, over 425 outdoor cafes and 200 BYOB (Bring Your Own Bottle)-style restaurants.Serving up a more visual treat, Philadelphia is also known asa culture capitalwith a “museum mile” stretching from Philadelphia City Hall to the Philadelphia Museum of Art and including the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts, the Barnes Foundation and The Rodin Museum. Performance/live arts in Philadelphia include the award-winning Philadelphia Ballet, the Philadelphia Orchestra, Opera Philadelphia, PHILADANCO and BalletX.Neighborhoods are the fabric of Philadelphia. Intimate, well-lit streets provide the adventure of discovery in a city that is easy to navigate. Visitors can check out the cobblestone streets, U.S. history and unique boutiques in Old City, then stroll to Northern Liberties, where an open-air piazza hosts free concerts, farmers markets and lively festivals. Known as the mural arts capital, visitors can also explore more than 4,000 outdoor works of art lining neighborhoods, courtesy of Mural Arts Philadelphia.With the largest city-owned urban park system in the world, Philadelphia also is known as the greenest city in the USA. Endless adventure trails, riverfronts, bicycling trails and walking/running paths are woven through the city. Named “one of the world’s 10 best cities for parks” by Frommer’s, Philadelphia offers a wide range of outdoor activities and urban adventures.Whether traveling for a city break, a girlfriend’s getaway or a holiday adventure, make your next great memory in Philadelphia.