For the culture seeker, budding historian, sports enthusiast and urban adventurer, there’s no place quite like Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. It’s one of the most historic and culture-rich cities in the USA with its foundation dating back to the mid-1700s. Pittsburgh is a destination that posts impressive numbers, too: 90 distinct neighborhoods, 40 craft breweries, 29 world-class colleges and universities, a 14-block Cultural District, nine James Beard semifinalist chefs in 2018 alone, four Carnegie Museums and four professional sports teams. To top it all off, Pittsburgh boasts one of the most Instagram-worthy skylines in the country.

Culture CapitalAmerican pop art icon Andy Warhol spent the first 20 years of his life in Pittsburgh, and The Andy Warhol Museum houses many of his most-beloved works in its seven-story space. See famous celebrity portraits, a selection of films and, of course, those colorful Campbell’s Soup Can prints. You can even try your hand at Warhol’s art techniques at The Factory artists’ workshops. Learn military history at Soldiers and Sailors Memorial Hall & Museum, discover Pittsburgh’s industrial past at the Rivers of Steel National Heritage Area and explore the dramatic Cathedral of Learning’s Nationality Rooms, reflecting heritages from around the world. The Cultural District’s nine performing arts venues and dozens of restaurants make for a perfect night on the town. Travelers with children will love family-friendly attractions, including the Carnegie Science Center, Children’s Museum of Pittsburgh, and the Pittsburgh Zoo and PPG Aquarium.Sports and the Urban OutdoorsLove sports? You’re in luck. Several professional sports teams call Pittsburgh home, including six-time Super Bowl football champions, Pittsburgh Steelers; five-time Stanley Cup hockey champions, Pittsburgh Penguins; and five-time World Series baseball champions, Pittsburgh Pirates. After the game, rent a bicycle with Healthy Ride, the city’s bike share program, and explore the 38.6-kilometer Three Rivers Heritage Trail System. The trail system intersects with other major routes, including the Great Allegheny Passageway connecting Pittsburgh to Washington, D.C. Along the Allegheny River, stroll waterfront parks dotted with monuments, historic sites and sculptures such as the Tribute to Children statue of Mr. Rogers. Soak in picturesque views from Point State Park, a National Historic Landmark where three rivers meet and a fountain shoots water 30 meters high. A trip up one of the two remaining incline trains to the top of Mt. Washington treats you to a flawless view of Pittsburgh’s iconic skyline.Drinking and Dining DelightsBBC Good Foodnamed Pittsburgh a Top 10 Destination for Foodies for 2019. With dining options ranging from five-star restaurants to casual street food, it’s easy to see and taste why. Start with a few regional favorites – giant sandwiches stuffed with meat and french fries from Primanti Brothers, authentic Mexican tacos cooked and served street side, and pierogies from S&D Polish Deli. Satisfy your sweet tooth with a burnt almond torte, a Pittsburgh-native dessert that the Huffington Post once declared “The Greatest Cake America Has Ever Made.” Beer lovers, stop for a drink at East End Brewing, one of the city’s original craft breweries. These days, there are more than 30 local breweries to choose from – book a city brewery tour to sample some of the most popular pints.