Experience the best that nature has to offer in Plattsburgh, located on the scenic Adirondack Coast. From land activities like hiking and golfing to water recreation like padding and fishing, you'll find excursions to suit every kind of adventurer. Discover a vibrant downtown brimming with local eateries, coffee shops and a historic theater, then dive into the past on tours exploring military sites and the Underground Railroad. Sample the area's natural bounty at apple orchards and farms and enjoy local maple syrup. Plattsburgh offers a unique small-town escape with hidden gems waiting to be explored, ensuring an unforgettable trip for the whole family.

Historic HotspotsThe Adirondack Coast boasts a captivating history, full of landmarks with exciting stories and opportunities to delve into the past. Experience the legacy of the Battle of Plattsburgh, a pivotal event in the War of 1812, at the Macdonough Monument and Battle of Plattsburgh Museum. Visit the former Plattsburgh Air Force Base, now transformed into the Old Base Museum Campus and recreational park. Learn more in three history museums and stop for a pint in two local breweries. For a unique perspective, the Alice T. Miner Museum in Chazy offers a unique look into New York history with a varied collection of artifacts housed in an early 20th century colonial revival-style home.Leisurely Lakes and RiversLake Champlain is the centerpiece of Plattsburgh, and there’s no better way to spend a summer day than on its shores with a visit to Plattsburgh City Beach or one of the area's many state parks. Get ready for incredible boating, fishing and swimming at this popular spot, or venture west to smaller Chazy Lake for an under-the-radar lake experience. While someAdirondack lakesare crystal clear, others, like Lake Alice, can be a little marshy – which makes them great for wildlife spotting. Officially known as the Lake Alice Wildlife Management Area, this protected area houses all sorts of animals, including white-tailed deer, beavers, turtles and eagles. Hit the hiking trails or rent a canoe for the chance to observe these local critters up close. If raft rides, guided trails or scenic snowshoe tours are more your speed, head to the Ausable Chasm. Known to locals as the Grand Canyon of the Adirondacks, this natural wonder boasts stunning rock formations and cascading waterfalls, making for high-octane adventures around every corner.Mountainous MarvelsTake to the mountains for epic hiking opportunities in Plattsburgh. From family-friendly trails to challenging climbs, the Adirondack Coast region has trails catered to all skill levels. Stroll along easygoing nature walks at Point au Roche State Park, tackle the short yet steep ascent of Silver Lake or test your skills on the demanding Lyon Mountain Fire Tower Trail. Regardless of what path you choose, stunning natural scenery and breathtaking vistas await.Farm FunThe Adirondack Coast's farms steal the spotlight in autumn. Head to Chazy Orchard to spend a perfect fall day at the world's largest orchard of Macintosh apples, or enjoy family fun exploring cornfield mazes at Rulf's Orchard. In spring, indulge in fresh maple syrup, and in summer, admire bursting berry bushes. Just north of town, visit Country Dreams Farm for animal encounters and other agritourism adventures.