It doesn’t take long to appreciate the laid-back vibe in Port St. Lucie and Fort Pierce on the southeast coast of Florida. St. Lucie County boasts more than 33 kilometers of uncrowded beaches and over 8,000 hectares of pristine parks and nature preserves. Whether it’s horseback riding on the beach, dropping a line for deep-sea fishing, golfing, biking, birdwatching or hiking, visitors will enjoy the outdoor activities. Wrap up a day outside with a tiki bar cocktail, memorable dinner or live theater show.

Explore Scenic Parks and GardensPort St. Lucie and Fort Pierce offer scenic destinations for a variety of park activities, including sunbathing and relaxing. Head to Jetty Park in Fort Pierce for waters known as some of the area’s best fishing spots. The park is also celebrated as a prime sunrise-watching location. At Fort Pierce Inlet State Park, get in the water for snorkeling, swimming and scuba diving. On land, grab some binoculars for peak birdwatching. Get a glimpse of Old Florida at Savannas Preserve State Park, an untouched basin marsh that’s a great destination for picnics, wildlife photography and canoeing. Stroll the well-manicured displays at Heathcote Botanical Gardens, home to the largest public display of tropical bonsai trees in the USA. The gardens feature nativeFloridaplants as well as exotic species from around the world.Museums for Learning and DiscoveryVisit the National Navy SEAL Museum in Fort Pierce to learn about the U.S. Navy’s elite group. See artifacts such as the Mark V Special Operations Craft boat, unique weaponry and even learn about the trained dogs who helped the SEALS in war. Delve into marine research at the Harbor Branch Ocean Discovery Visitors Center. Explore on your own or take a guided tour of the exhibits on marine mammals, conservation, ocean engineering and aquaculture. Part nature preserve-part environmental learning center, the Oxbow Eco-Center features boardwalks and trails for close-up views of native plants and wildlife. The center was built sustainably using solar panels, recycled materials and passive lighting. Learn all about Florida’s gentle giants at the Manatee Observation and Education Center, which exists to inform people about the habitats of manatees and other wildlife.Head Out on the TownPort St. Lucie and Fort Pierce are best known for outdoor and nature activities, but visitors enjoy the small-town charm and variety of places for eating, drinking and entertainment. Sip and savor the creations of local wineries and breweries along the Treasure Coast Wine & Ale Trail. All that exploration works up an appetite. Indulge in some ultra-fresh seafood at restaurants such as Cobb’s Landing, 12A Buoy, Chuck’s Seafood – try the fried shrimp! – and Kyle G’s Prime Seafood & Steaks. Want to enjoy the great American pastime? Go to Clover Park to catch a New York Mets baseball spring training game or a St. Lucie Mets game. Browse the shops and galleries of historic Downtown Fort Pierce or get in the tropical mood at one of the many open-air, waterfront tiki-style bars and restaurants.