Beautiful backdrops are at the heart of Poughkeepsie, Hyde Park and the surrounding Dutchess County, as well as the focal point of many outdoor activities. Immerse yourself in the landscape on a guided highland hike, or feel the wind on your face as you tour the Hudson River by riverboat, sailboat or kayak. For a more polished experience in nature, play a round at 16 championship golf courses, or stroll six estate grounds, manicured gardens and trails.

Such Great HeightsTake a glass elevator up from the Hudson Riverfront, and in just 90 seconds, you’ll be strolling across the Walkway Over the Hudson. The world’s longest elevated pedestrian bridge and part of a state historic park, it also connects to the Dutchess Rail Trail’s 21 kilometers. Hike through the highlands, or to take in the Hudson River and Catskill Mountains beyond from atop three fire towers on Mount Beacon, Stissing Mountain and Ferncliff Forest in Rhinebeck. While in Rhinebeck, check out the area’s Aerodrome Museum, where antique planes fly in air shows every weekend.Gilded HistorySee where 400 years of U.S. history happened. Choose an era to explore, from Colonial to Quaker to the Gilded Age. Learn about presidential history at the inspiring Franklin D. Roosevelt Presidential Library and Museum. Tour Springwood, FDR’s lifelong home. Experience the Great Estates, the gracious homes of the well-heeled magnates who helped build the USA. Visit Vanderbilt Mansion National Historic Site and Staatsburgh State Historic Site, both Gilded Age palaces built for entertaining as well as museums that preserve the era’s way of life. For a surprising twist on the area’s history, discover Bannerman Castle, once a 19th century military surplus on Pollepel Island with a curious reputation.Culinary and Artistic DelightsHave a memorable meal at The Culinary Institute of America’s four student-staffed restaurants, and visit farms and markets to taste fresh produce and ingredients (tour and taste at wineries, breweries and distilleries while you’re at it). Soukup Farms, a third-generation family farm, has been tapping trees to make delicious maple syrup since 1955. Buy their high-quality syrup at their on-site farm store. In Rhinebeck, enjoy charming shops, antiques, galleries and fine dining. Whatever your tastes in the arts, you'll find a museum to match your mood. How about an 18th century oil painting by Hudson River School master Frederic Church? Or a giant modern sculpture by visionary artist Richard Serra? Browse the modern collections at Dia:Beacon and Vassar’s Loeb Art Center, then explore hip and happening Beacon and hear live music in the clubs. Get inspired at a performance or show at Richard B. Fisher Center for the Performing Arts.