Discover Punta Gorda/Englewood Beach, also known as the Charlotte Harbor Gulf Island Coast. This natural wonderland is nestled in the heart of southwest Florida with kilometers of unspoiled coastline along the Gulf of Mexico. Enjoy the warmth of the sun and the sand at your toes while uncovering charming treasures the area offers. Port Charlotte was named the No. 1 "U.S. Best Value Destination” by Trivago and is centrally located between five local airports: Punta Gorda, Tampa, St. Petersburg/Clearwater, Sarasota-Bradenton and Fort Myers. Charlotte Harbor is home to pristine beaches and an array of outdoor activities. Escape, explore and unwind.

Fishing and KayakingInternationally known as a fishing destination, Sport Fishing magazine recently named Boca Grande Pass and Charlotte Harbor tops in the world for tarpon fishing. Known as “silver king,” schools of this magnificent fish return April through June to Charlotte Harbor, the “Tarpon Fishing Capital of the World.” You’ll find about 322 kilometers of paddle-friendly waterways waiting to be explored by kayak, canoe or stand-up paddleboard. Access diverse trails offering various levels, from novice to expert, and ranging from about one to 29 kilometers.Golfing and BaseballAs if near-perfect weather weren’t enough, Golf Digest ranked Punta Gorda/Englewood Beach the "Third Best Place in America to Live and Play Golf." Two of the area's courses were awarded 4 1/2 stars, and 21 scenic courses range from executive to championship level. Charlotte Sports Park gives fans reason to cheer: spring training games with the Tampa Bay Rays. The area puts you in the center of Major League Baseball action.Art and Music FestivalsArt spills into the streets of Punta Gorda with murals depicting the city’s history. Pick up a walking guide and a free loaner bicycle and pedal through downtown. Classes, workshops and exhibitions can be found throughout the Charlotte County. Find the perfect souvenir at one of the festivals hosting hundreds of artists, gourmet food and live entertainment. A favorite of locals and visitors alike is Punta Gorda’s Wine & Jazz Festival on the banks of the Peace River.Local CuisineThe dining scene in Punta Gorda/Englewood Beach features an eclectic mix of fresh seafood shacks, charming sidewalk cafes and scenic waterfront eateries. Dining districts include downtown Punta Gorda, Fishermen’s Village and Englewood. Fishermen can ask select restaurants to prepare their freshly cleaned catch any delicious way. Whatever the craving, there’s a restaurant to satisfy every palate.