Raleigh, the capital city of North Carolina, is one of the South’s most vibrant, eclectic cities – where eclectic meets traditional and historic meets modern. Centrally located along the USA's eastern coast, the city forms part of North Carolina’s famed Research Triangle, a wellspring of education, research and technical innovation. You’ll discover outstanding arts and culture (earning the city the nickname “Smithsonian of the South”), a renowned culinary landscape (including the James Beard Foundation's 2019 Best Chef in America, Ashley Christensen) and a music scene that inspired “Rolling Stone” to call Raleigh one of the top eight emerging music cities in the USA.

From Museums to MusicWhether you’re an art aficionado, history buff or traveling with little ones, Raleigh has a museum for you. Explore more than 5,000 years of art history at the North Carolina Museum of Art, which boasts the largest museum art park in the USA. The Contemporary Art Musem (CAM) doesn’t have a permanent collection, which means art lovers will always find new exhibits. At the North Carolina Museum of Natural Sciences, learn all about native flora and fauna – and attend an event inside a three-story-tall replica globe! Or, learn all about state history at the North Carolina Museum of History. Best of all? All four facilities are free. After dark, the city’s music scene comes to life. Check out hot spots including a speakeasy-style jazz club at C. Grace, indie rock at Neptune’s and Kings, or national acts at Red Hat Amphitheater.Enjoy the OutdoorsWith mild winters and warm summers, Raleigh invites outdoor recreation all year. Pedal, jog or walk along boardwalks, paths and bridges spotting historical sites and scenic wetlands on the 44-kilometer Neuse River Greenway Trail. It’s on a segment of the 1,900-kilometer Mountains-to-Sea Trail that traverses the length ofNorth Carolina, and part of greater Raleigh’s nearly 300 kilometers of greenways. Hike through forests and nature trails at the popular William B. Umstead State Park or paddle the Neuse River Canoe Trail. Robertson Millpond Preserve offers a one-of-a-kind kayaking adventure through the only bald cypress blackwater swamp in the area.A Foodie ParadiseYou won’t go hungry (or thirsty) in Raleigh. Start at Brewery Bhavana, where you’ll not only find a Belgium-inspired brewery, but also a dim sum restaurant, community library, bookstore and flower shop all in one. Traveling with picky eaters or just can’t decide what to eat? Head to Morgan Street Food Hall or Transfer Co. Food Hall, where you can please every palate with eclectic food choices ranging from tacos and fresh seafood to bagels and gourmet ice cream. When happy hour hits, pick from more than 350 beers on draft at Raleigh Beer Garden, claiming the largest draft selection in the world. International restaurant favorites include Garland (try the Cauliflower 65 with turmeric-yogurt sauce) and Laotian fare at Bida Manda (the crispy pork belly soup is outstanding).