Redondo Beach is known for its history, vibrant harbor, world-famous horseshoe-shaped pier, kilometers of sand and unbeatable sunsets. Enjoy waterfront dining at some of the finest seafood restaurants in California. Shop in world-class stores at the South Bay Galleria or browse Riviera Village’s charming boutiques. For the adventurous, Redondo Beach offers a variety of outdoor activities, including surfing, biking, sport fishing, sailing, diving, whale watching and kayaking.

This laid-back, beautiful beach city is just 11 kilometers south of Los Angeles International Airport, 29 kilometers from downtown Los Angeles and easily accessible to major freeways, recreation and Southern California attractions. You’ll also find plenty of fantastic hotels and restaurants at every price level.Eclectic Shopping ExcursionsRedondo Beach is home to some of the best shopping in Los Angeles' South Bay area. South Bay Galleria offers more than 135 stores and restaurants to enjoy, while the Riviera Village – nestled next to beautiful beach coves – is a charming collection of more than 300 eclectic shops, restaurants and services. South Bay Marketplace is a winning mix of fashion and dining in an open-air setting. As you cruise along the Pacific Coast Highway in Redondo Beach, you’ll find a nearly five-kilometer corridor of antique stores and boutique shops.Dining for all TastesTravelers and locals alike can enjoy spectacular oceanfront dining and explore international flavors throughout the city. The Redondo Beach Pier is a South Bay landmark offering oceanfront dining, shopping and entertainment. Enjoy a romantic dinner followed by a scenic stroll along The Pier with breathtaking panoramic ocean views and live music almost any night of the week.Play and ExploreWhat kind of adventure are you in the mood for? Whether you’re kayaking along the coast, taking a gondola ride, getting close to marine life at SeaLAB on Harbor Drive, watching a musical at the Redondo Beach Performing Arts Center, visiting the Wyland Whaling Wall or riding a Segway through the city, Redondo Beach has plenty of playtime activities to fill your vacation.Enjoy the thrill of whale watching from November through April, when magnificent gray whales migrate to Baja, Mexico. The whales can often be seen from shore or from the Voyager vessel, which offers whale-watching, harbor and nature cruises. Scuba diving, snorkeling, fishing, boating, stand-up paddleboarding, surfing, kayaking, pedal-boating and sailing are other pastimes you’ll find in Redondo Beach.