Just outside the mouth of the Delaware Bay on the shores of the Atlantic Ocean, Rehoboth Beach has long been a popular vacation spot. Its 1.6-kilometer boardwalk, named one of the Top 10 boardwalks in the USA by National Geographic, is the hub of activity. Visitors enjoy a collection of funky shops, carnival-style amusements, family-friendly eateries, live entertainment and a vintage atmosphere in a picture-pretty seaside setting. Visit Rehoboth Beach to see all this and more.

On the BeachSet up an umbrella and some beach chairs, slather on the sunscreen, and your beach getaway is complete. Rehoboth Beach is clean and easily accessible, so it shouldn’t take long to get into vacation mode. Soak up the sun and watch for dolphins in the surf. Go fishing, kayaking, canoeing or paddleboarding and spend time on the water. Book a surfing lesson and ride your very first wave. Or, just savor the scenery on a sight-seeing boat tour.Beyond the Surf in Rehoboth BeachOne of Rehoboth Beach’s most charming qualities is its throw-back beach boardwalk. Feel like a child again at Funland, full of midway games, nostalgic amusement rides and an arcade – all at budget-friendly prices. The Rehoboth Beach Bandstand hosts a free summer concert series that attracts talented performers from just about every musical genre. Catch a stage show at Clear Space Theatre Company, where popular musicals like “Grease,” “Rent” and “Chicago” have been staged. Take advantage of discounts on famous brands at Tanger Outlets. Delaware is a tax-free shopping state; have your credit cards handy.Gastronomic PleasuresThere are dozens of restaurants in Rehoboth Beach. Start the day with a pancake-like kaisy at Kaisy’s Delights, the first Austrian Kaiserschmarrn pastry maker in the USA. Seafood lovers can order it fresh at a number of oyster houses, fish houses and raw bars. Long-standing pizzerias, some just steps from the sand, draw crowds for New York-style pies and grinders. And if that’s not enough, the aromas on the boardwalk will be irresistible. Sample an Italian ice or a basket of french fries. Be sure to try the caramel corn, saltwater taffy or homemade fudge from Dolle’s Candyland, where the same family has made sweets since 1927.