This little city with big entertainment is a playful, spirited destination with as much to do outdoors as inside. Here, you can hit the slopes or the links (50 golf courses are within an hour drive). As for nightlife, Reno overflows with options. Head to a saloon, go on a themed bar crawl or try some Latin dancing at one of many clubs, where closing time is flexible. Shop the bargains at the Outlets at Sparks or get yourself to The Summit, an open-air lifestyle and shopping plaza. From downtown entertainment to white-water rafting on the Truckee River, Reno’s diversions all have excitement in common.

The Riverwalk DistrictSet along the Truckee River, Reno’s revitalized downtown is bursting with activity. This scenic shopping, eating and entertainment area has plenty of green spaces and a well-maintained bike path (and offers bike tours, too). Find intimate Italian dining, Irish pubs and upscale cocktail lounges. Shop the boutiques or explore several art galleries. See live theater, catch a show at the Reno-Tahoe Comedy Theater or settle in for a more dramatic performance at Pioneer Center for Performing Arts.Attractions of NoteAnimal Ark, a wildlife sanctuary, hosts lots of family-friendly events and has cheetahs, bears, birds of prey and other exotics. At the Sierra Nevada Zoological Park, you’ll see everything from tigers to parrots. If car culture is more your thing, take a day to visit the 220 on display at the National Automobile Museum, which also hosts themed events and happy hours. The Wilbur D. May Center, named after a Reno adventurer and philanthropist, has an arboretum, botanical gardens and museum featuring art and artifacts picked up from May’s 40 trips around the world. To get a real sense ofReno urban culture, head to Midtown District, where you’ll find funky indie stores, artisanal shops and plenty of innovative dining.Mountain Adventures and Resort FunThe Sierra Nevada Mountains are never far away, promising lots of rugged alpine fun when you’re done enjoying the city. Mount Rose, the most prominent on the skyline, rises 1,828 meters over Reno. Hike to the summit, or take one of the world-class mountain biking trails that fan out from the adjacent highway. Otherwise, take in the landscape by horseback riding, hang gliding or driving scenic byways. The Truckee River, Lake Tahoe’s only outflow, is perfect for white-water rafting, kayaking and fly-fishing. If you’re visiting in winter, 15 ski areas dot theLake TahoeRegions. As casino resorts go, Reno has plenty, including the Atlantis, the Nugget and Silver Legacy, all of which offer great dining, fabulous spas and lots of nightlife.