Tucked away in the foothills of the Ozark Mountains, Rogers is the epitome of a charming small city surrounded by lush natural beauty. The sixth-largest city in Arkansas, Rogers enjoys a picture-perfect downtown, lively culinary scene and a wide variety of family-friendly attractions. Just to the east, Beaver Lake is set among several state parks, offering hiking, biking, camping, boating and fishing. Cyclists are drawn to the area’s downtown bike park, vast network of multiuse paths and challenging mountain bike trails.

Outdoor AdventuresMother Nature is the greatest draw in Rogers, an off-the-beaten-path destination that experiences all four seasons. Summer and fall are the most popular times to visit. For starters, head to Hobbs State Park-Conservation Area to explore 58 kilometers of hiking, mountain biking and horseback riding trails.On adjacent Beaver Lake, go boating and fishing for smallmouth, largemouth and striped bass – they can reach up to 23 kilograms. Towering limestone bluffs, natural caves and 785 kilometers of coastline make it a popular destination. No boat is needed to fish on Lake Atalanta – cast a line from the piers for channel catfish and rainbow trout.At War Eagle Cavern, on Beaver Lake, take a guided tour and check out the resident grey bats, which fly out of the cave in search of food come evening. It’s perfect for the whole family, especially on a hot day. Another warm-weather option is the Rogers Aquatics Center, a 1.2-hectare public water park with pools, slides and a lazy river.Northwest Arkansas has become known as a first-rate mountain biking destination. Test your skills at the Railyard Bike Park, a compact park where family members can tackle challenging jumps and turns at their own pace.From the bike park, stretch your legs on the NWA Razorback Regional Greenway, a 58-kilometer primarily off-road trail. The Lake Atalanta trail system also has a range of easy and intermediate mountain bike trails.Fascinating Local HistoryLearn about NorthwestArkansasat the Rogers Historical Museum – galleries explore the area’s rivers, lakes and agricultural history. An interactive Children’s Gallery is designed for the youngest museum goers, and a retired caboose illustrates the city’s railroad heritage. On the campus, you can also tour the Hawkins House, a middle-class Victorian home, restored with 1900s furnishings.A couple of blocks north, the Daisy Airgun Museum is a small museum that features vintage products and artifacts of the Daisy company, plus a gift shop. Rogers is home to the offices of Daisy Outdoor Products, manufacturers of toy guns, archery bows and slingshots.Shopping, Dining and EntertainmentAfter so many adventures, it’s time for a break. Head to the brick-lined streets of downtown Rogers to wander among 20-plus local stores and nearly two dozen restaurants. Satisfy your appetite with diner fare, barbecue, seafood, Southwestern and more.For more local flavors, wander into the tasting area at Ozark Beer Company to sample ales and lagers. The Bourbon Double Cream Stout and Onyx Coffee Stout are especially popular. Speaking of local brews, the Onyx Coffee Lab at the 1907 is a coffeehouse that pours only beverages made with locally roasted, carefully sourced beans. Pick up a breakfast sandwich to make it a meal.The Walmart AMP (Arkansas Music Pavilion) hosts nationally touring bands and children’s acts in an outdoor amphitheater. For a more unconventional fun time, check out the Ozark Axe House – there, patrons can try axe throwing in a casual indoor venue.At the Pinnacle Hills Promenade mall, families will enjoy shopping at Bass Pro Shops, among more than 100 other stores; dining at 15 restaurants; and seeing movies at the theater.