Known as “Nature’s Treasure Island,” this tiny, remote island inThe Marianasis only 20 kilometers long and gets many more visitors each year than it has residents. They are drawn to this U.S. territory for its laid-back island culture, balmy weather, sensational sights, and superb scuba diving and water sports. Rota’s residents share welcoming smiles, warm hospitality and unique local cuisine with guests as they explore both land and sea.

Into the BlueNumerous tour providers can arrange a snorkeling or scuba diving trip to any of the undersea walls, shipwrecks or vivid coral reefs surrounding the island. Popular sites include the World War II wreck of the Shoun Maru, Blue Hole and the Grotto, a collapsed limestone cavern with underwater passageways. Divers can see stingrays, clown fish, eels, nudibranchs, surgeonfish, parrot fish and white-tip sharks. If diving’s not your thing, try windsurfing, parasailing and banana boating. On the west end of the island lies Swimming Hole, a small hidden pool that visitors seek out for a refreshing dip and photo opportunities.Where Nature Meets CultureOn the opposite end of Rota is picturesque Tweksberry Park, which grows thick with coconut palms. In between are sites like the Rota Zoo, the Old Japanese Cannon and the As Nieves Latte Stone Quarry, leaving you to wonder how these large pillars were carved by the ancient Chamorro people. At Songsong Village Lookout, pause for a great view of Mount Tapingot, also known as Wedding Cake Mountain. Nearby you’ll find the Marianas Trench Cave Museum, which is housed inside a cave. Learn about Rota’s birdlife at Chenchon Seabird Sanctuary and discover the plant life at Taisacana’s Botanical & Nature Trail.When You GoMost eateries are casual snack bars or cafés that either serve basic American fare or fresh local delicacies like ayuyu (coconut crab) and kadun pika (hot spicy beef). A smattering of restaurants offer international cuisine. When you’re ready to book accommodations, bear in mind that there are no five-star hotel chains or resorts but rather low-key independent hotels, inns and bed-and-breakfasts. One upscale option, Rota Resort & Country Club, has a golf course that you can use even if you’re not a guest.