Sunbathers, underwater explorers and history buffs will feel like they hit the jackpot in Saipan, the largest and most developed island ofThe Marianas. Golden beaches and spectacular scuba diving are the primary draws of this U.S. territory, but they are complemented by excellent restaurants, hotels, nightspots, shopping, monuments and golf courses.

Breathtaking BeachesVisitors can take their pick of dozens of places to swim, sun and snorkel on Saipan. Bring a family picnic to Obyan Beach or Pau Pau Beach, walk on soft sandbar islands at Micro Beach or collect shells at Wing Beach. Dive and see turtles at Laolao Bay or do like the locals and take a “boonie stomp” (long walk) down the picturesque 4.8-kilometer Beach Road Pathway. One of the nicest beaches is on the tiny island of Managaha, just a 10-minute boat ride from the main island, where you can snorkel, dive and enjoy this award-winning escape.Small Island, Big HistorySaipan is brimming with historical sites. Evidence of ancient Chamorro and Carolinian civilizations can be seen in archeological remains such as the pictographs in Kalabera Cave and the remnants of villages at Agingan Beach and other locations. Agingan is also the site of the wreck of a 17thcentury Spanish galleon. World War II history is everywhere, including at Micro Beach, where there are numerous bunkers and memorials. The Last Command Post houses the remnants of a cliff-side bunker used by the Japanese to defend themselves against the U.S. invasion. Memorials along both Suicide Cliff and the Banzai Cliff advocate world peace and commemorate the lives of Japanese soldiers and civilians who jumped to their deaths during the battle for Saipan.Beyond the BeachGarapan, the main tourist district on the island, is the place to go if you want the widest variety of restaurants, bars, shops and street stalls. Hit the links at one of several golf courses, two of which were designed by Greg Norman and have fabulous sea views and cliff-side holes overlooking the ocean. Stop at the Saipan Katori Shrine or admire the stained-glass windows at Our Lady of Mount Carmel Cathedral. And if you’re a scuba diver, head out into clear and comfortable waters year-round to one of the dozen or so world-class dive sites, which include The Grotto, Eagle Ray City and Naftan.