Salt Lake City will surprise you. Surrounded by mountains, this lively city has an interesting and unusual past and a bright future. The vibe is friendly and laid-back, and the access to both urban and outdoor adventures creates opportunities for travelers of every ilk.

Exciting AdditionsSalt Lake’s urban landscape is changing exponentially, and the fruits of this transformation are increasingly enjoyable. The Natural History Museum of Utah houses world-class exhibitions in a gorgeous building in the foothills. The outdoor City Creek Shopping Center features over 90 stores and restaurants and has two fully retractable glass roofs, ensuring a year-round, climate-controlled environment. Other highlights include the architecturally astounding Salt Lake Public Library, the Leonardo Science and Culture Museum, and the Rio Tinto Stadium, home of the Real Salt Lake soccer team. The Eccles Theater performing arts center opened on Main Street in 2016.Good TasteSalt Lake is for food lovers. Sophisticated palates should reserve a table at Valter’s Osteria for an authentic taste of Tuscany, or La Caille for a night of elegant French cuisine. Log Haven’s romantic mountain setting, New American menu and award-winning wine list will leave you starry-eyed. Downtown, don’t miss Pago’s locally sourced, seasonal plates; Frida Bistro’s incredible Mexican brunch; or Beer Bar’s bratwursts. Salt Lake is bubbling over with nationally recognized breweries and creative mixologists, so be sure to sample the craft beers and cocktails.Uniquely American HistoryWhile Salt Lake’s origin story incorporates familiar Wild West themes, its cast of characters is extraordinary. The valley was settled in 1847 by Mormon pioneers who crossed the country, facing unbelievable obstacles, in hopes of practicing their religion and way of life unhindered. You can learn about the city’s history at some of Salt Lake’s most iconic attractions, such as downtown’s Temple Square, where tours are given in over 40 languages. You can also see evidence of the city’s heritage in the spirited ongoing dialog between the modern-day faithful and Salt Lake’s secular citizens, who now make up the majority of the city’s population.User FriendlinessThere’s a reason Salt Lake was recently named the USA’s “Least Stressed City.” From the moment you arrive, you’ll notice that things are relatively hassle-free. Services and amenities are always close by, the streets are easy to navigate, public transportation is punctual, and an extensive shareable bike program lets you cruise around downtown for a charge that amounts to pocket change.The Gateway to Utah’s Wild PlacesUtah is famous for its natural wonders, which span everything from towering desert spires to lush alpine forests. There are five national parks within a couple hours’ drive, and Salt Lake is the perfect place to plan and unwind from your adventures. Even closer are 11 world-class ski resorts, a distinction that earned Salt Lake the moniker of “Ski City,” where you can spend the day skiing, the evening at the symphony and the night in the club or the hotel bar.