Savor a glimpse of authentic cowboy life in San Angelo, a laid-back escape in West Texas. Located on the verdant banks of the Concho River, this oasis draws visitors who want to stroll the grounds of Fort Concho National Historic Landmark, hike San Angelo State Park, kayak the Concho River, embrace their inner cowboy (or cowgirl) at the San Angelo Stock Show & Rodeo, explore local museums and more.

Time Travel at Fort ConchoFort Concho, now a National Historic Landmark, was built in 1867 to house up to 500 soldiers stationed there to protect the West Texas Region. Its many residents included Buffalo Soldiers, African American soldiers who served on the western frontier following the U.S. Civil War. Elements of all four regiments of the Buffalo Soldiers were stationed at Fort Concho during its active period. The former U.S. Army installation is home to 24 original and restored buildings, most constructed out of native limestone. Guided and self-guided tours of the fort are available. The fort is also home to a museum, research library and archives, featuring historic materials from the American Indian Wars era, with information on frontier and pioneer life, Native American settlements and military activities.West Texas Nature at San Angelo State ParkEstablished in 1995 on the shores of the O.C. Fisher Reservoir, San Angelo State Park is a prime destination to see local wildlife and scenic beauty. The park features 80 kilometers of trails for hiking, mountain biking and horseback riding, as well as a short Dinosaur Trail that’s perfect for kids to explore fossilized trackways made by prehistoric creatures. Rent a rod and reel to go fishing in the Concho River or the O.C. Fisher Reservoir. Spend the night under the stars in a tent or in a rustic log cabin on-site. Park rangers lead educational tours of the bison and longhorn habitats, as well as nature, history and star-gazing programs.Discover Natural Wonders Unique to San AngeloTake a romantic walk through the International Waterlily Collection, home to one of the world’s finest collections of these lush and colorful aquatic plants. The free collection at San Angelo’s Civic League Park features six ponds displaying some 150 varieties of lilies. Nearby, San Angelo's Concho River is also one of the only spots in the world to find Concho pearls, which are formed in freshwater mussel shells. They develop coveted iridescent pink and purple shades. The pearls are available for purchase at area jewelry stores.History, Art, Museums and EventsSan Angelo boasts several museums providing diverse opportunities to explore the area’s art and history. Miss Hattie’s Bordello Museum was an actual bordello in operation from 1902 until 1952 on historic Concho Avenue, San Angelo’s first street. Today, visitors can tour the home to see the period details and learn about local history. The San Angelo Museum of Fine Arts displays permanent and touring exhibits and collections of photography, sculpture, painting and more. The museum features a large number of works byTexasartists. Local organization Art in Uncommon Places has created the Pop Art Museum and Paintbrush Alley to display modern artwork from local artists. All of the pieces have a code that can be scanned with a mobile phone for more information on the artwork and the artist. Embrace the spirit of the Wild West at The San Angelo Stock Show & Rodeo which is celebrating its 90th year in 2022. This annual event is dedicated to preserving western culture