Located in the Texas Hill Country, San Marcos’ hip personality is deeply seated in its historic culture. Think of the city as a study in contradictions. A leisurely daytime stroll shopping and dining around the Downtown Square turns into a rocking good time once the sun goes down.

Shop Big at the OutletsSan Marcos, home to the largest outlet shopping center in the USA, also is the longest continually inhabited community in North America, not that people have been shopping there for 13,000-plus years, but you never know. With more than 250 stores, 111,000 square meters of retail, and discounts of up to 65 percent off, this is truly a shopper’s paradise. San Marcos is the only outlet location in Texas for these designers and name brands: Gucci, Armani Outlet, Prada, Salvatore Ferragamo, The North Face, Ugg Australia and Victorinox Swiss Army.Play Big at the RiverPlaying in the San Marcos River doesn’t have a season – it happens year round. The water’s always 22 degrees Celsius, so it feels just as good in November as it does in June. The San Marcos River bubbles up from hundreds of springs right in the center of town. Come view for yourself on a glass-bottom boat or kayak tour on Spring Lake at The Meadows Center  for Water and the Environment. Enjoy water sports and recreation such as stand-up paddling, kayaking, tubing and surfing the falls.More Than Just a Pretty FaceSan Marcos is a natural beauty with an extensive urban trail system. Native wildlife and migratory birds abound in the more than 344 hectares of green space within the city limits. Long, natural trails are available for hiking, biking and trail running. The first kilometer of most trails is ADA accessible so people of all activity levels can enjoy the outdoors.Expect the UnexpectedThe Unicycle Football League can only be found in San Marcos, Texas. Founded in 2008, this is the only league of its kind in the world. The game is a mixture of flag and traditional American football using the same rules and positions. Tackling is allowed making it a full-contact sport. The only difference is that teams play – kick, pass, and score – all while riding unicycles. And you won’t find your average cheerleaders there either. The Unibrawdz are league jeer-leaders for every team.Cool Tunes, Hot SpotsThe San Marcos Downtown Square is filled with eclectic shops, boutiques and local eats. Choose from home-cooked treats or fresh, chef-inspired cuisine to fuel an evening excursion. You’ll also find art markets or festivals most weekends and live music every night of the week. Once the sun sets, things really heat up on legendary career-launching stages and in small hole-in-the-wall bars and a big two-story concert theater. Just want a cold beer and a game of horseshoes? Maybe a quiet courtyard with the perfect margarita? How about a scenic rooftop deck? No problem. Whatever you’re in the mood for, there’s a place in San Marcos that will hit just the right note.