Hungry for genuine hospitality, great food, exciting entertainment and rich history? As Southern as peach cobbler, Georgia offers an array of ways to escape. Sandy Springs is located in the heart of Metro Atlanta and offers an unparalleled opportunity to explore the South in true style. Everyone is invited to stay in Sandy Springs savoring the best of what Southern hospitality has to offer.

Conveniently located only 10 minutes north of downtown Atlanta, Sandy Springs is only minutes from Atlanta’s Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport and allows easy access to MARTA (Atlanta’s public transit system). Take the train, ride the bus or hop in your car and drive; you will find yourself minutes from the easiest access to The Georgia Aquarium, The World of Coca-Cola, Centennial Olympic Park and all of the downtown attractions. Sandy Springs is home to 18 hotels with a variety of amenities, to ensure our guests have a comfortable stay!In addition to the downtown Atlanta attractions, Sandy Springs has more exciting ways to explore American history, culture and landscapes. From its location in the center of Civil War historical sites in Atlanta, Marietta and Kennesaw, you’ll have the chance to experience more that the everyday tourist. See the story of the Holocaust in pictures at the Anne Frank in the World exhibit. When it’s time to unwind, The Sandy Springs Entertainment Cluster offers A-list comedians at The Punchline Comedy Club, premier jazz musicians at Café 290, great theater at Act 3 Productions and fabulous music from all genres at various live music venues.Georgia is home to more than sweet tea and fried chicken, and Sandy Springs is the perfect base from which to begin your Georgia experience. It’s a short drive to the North Georgia Mountains, where you can find vineyard-to-bottle wineries and beautiful sites for hiking and camping, such as Amicalola Falls. Sandy Springs boasts 32 kilometers of shoreline along the Chattahoochee River at the Chattahoochee River National Recreation Area. Grab a tube, kayak or canoe and soak in one of the country’s oldest river channels.After your outdoor excursions, satisfy your appetite with authentic international fare in Sandy Springs. With over 100 independent and unique restaurants, Sandy Springs offers countless options. Take it from a local – be sure to sample delicious Southern cuisine while you’re here! For that unique souvenir to commemorate your trip, Sandy Springs offers unique boutiques, trendy shops and premier malls to be sure that you’ll find the perfect token to show off to your friends.You will love the convenience, location and the experiences that await you in Sandy Springs and all around the Atlanta area. From outdoor excursions to fine dining and everything in between, the Southern charm and convenient location will ensure that you get the most out of your trip. Savor the escape, Savor the South – Savor Sandy Springs!