Basking in sunshine 280 days of the year and located just 20 minutes west of Downtown Los Angeles, Santa Monica is a walkable oasis teeming with outdoor adventures, luxury wellness spas and opportunities to kick back under blue skies and awe-inspiring sunsets. Catch some waves, chill out on pristine beaches and cruise bike trails with dazzling views in this quintessential beach city. Jump on a roller coaster, bumper cars and other surfside rides at Pacific Park on the historic Santa Monica Pier. Roam eight distinct neighborhoods featuring shopping, art and entertainment; browse the weekly farmers markets; and dine al fresco at a never-ending variety of excellent eateries. Stay in one of over 40 hotels, many located within walking distance of the beach and lively downtown. In any season, escape awaits in this magical city by the sea.

Quintessential Coastal CaliforniaIn a state known for icons, Santa Monica’s landmarks are impressive. Several can be found along its 5.6-kilometer Pacific Ocean beachfront, celebrated for its surfable waves and waterside recreation. Its centerpiece is the famed Santa Monica Pier, which stretches out over the waves and lights up the sky with its solar-powered Ferris wheel, the flagship attraction at Pacific Park. There are also restaurants, an aquarium, games, street performers, sweet treats and epic views of nightly sunsets over the ocean. For a classic beach day, head north to the North Beach Playground and Annenberg Community Beach House, which features a pool, playground, splash pad and beach sports. It’s also free and open to the public, but has exclusive roots: It was built for actress Marion Davies by William Randolph Hearst and was visited by Hollywood icons such as Charlie Chaplin and Greta Garbo.Activities Along the ShorelineYour Santa Monica vacation shouldn’t stop at only seeing the breathtaking scenes and sights. To truly enjoy them, get out and experience them. On the south side of the pier, you’ll find Original Muscle Beach, an outdoor gym area featuring ropes, parallel bars and other equipment, where fitness buffs and families alike can show off for anyone who wants to watch. The 35-kilometer Marvin Braude Bike Trail, known locally as The Strand, runs along the coast and has been featured in countless films and TV shows. The cliffside houses in the Pacific Palisades will be instantly recognizable. For a lovely stroll just off the sand, Palisades Park runs the full length of downtown Santa Monica and features sculptures, a rose garden and views of the beach from a clifftop overlook.Exquisite Shopping & DiningRetail therapy is abundant in Santa Monica’s neighborhoods, especially at Third Street Promenade, a three-block area that’s free from cars. In between stops at retailers, you’ll have the chance to catch some amazing street performers. At its heart is Santa Monica Place, an upscale shopping destination with more than 80 stores from designer boutiques to world-famous brands. For a local shopping experience, Montana Avenue is home to luxurious and unique stores, while Main Street offers chic clothing shops, design stores and art galleries. When you’re ready for a break, grab a bite at one of many buzzworthy restaurants. Melisse is the region’s original Michelin-starred restaurant; Lunetta boasts quintessential Californian cuisine; and Birdie G’s melds American and Eastern European flavors. For a nightcap, grab a drink at one of the many bars and lounges along Third Street Promenade, where you can take in the hipCaliforniavibes.