Located just three hours from New York City, Montreal and Boston, Saratoga Springs features an unexpected set of world-class attractions set against a charming, scenic and historic backdrop. Here, you can get your fill of horse racing, performing arts, gaming, award-winning golf courses, museums, a National Battlefield, Victorian architecture, great shopping, plentiful outdoor activities and so much more.

Racing and RecreationIt may be known as the Spa City, but Saratoga’s horse-racing roots run just as deep as its springs. With over 150 years of thoroughbred-racing history, Saratoga Race Course has hosted champion steeds and jockeys as well as the oldest stakes race in the USA, The Travers Stakes. Catch a race, or bring the kids to one of the facility’s many family-friendly activities. Explore more of Saratoga Springs’ equine history at the National Museum of Racing, where exhibits, tours, art and memorabilia bring equestrian culture to life. Switch up your race game with a trip to Saratoga Casino Hotel, which boasts a gorgeous track and live harness racing nearly year-round, in addition to being an exciting place to stay.Pleasurable ParksIf you came for the springs, head straight to the source: Saratoga Spa State Park, an 890-hectare National Historic Landmark rich with natural springs. Experience the healing waters and spas, and a resort hotel. Visit museums, amble down walking trails, play tennis, or cross-country ski and ice-skate in winter. History meets outdoor recreation at Saratoga National Historical Park, site of the Battles of Saratoga. A visitor’s center and various historic landmarks commemorate this major moment in the American Revolutionary War. Enjoy the simple pleasures of a stroll, picnic or a ride on the historic carousel at pretty Congress Park. While there, discover the 19th century Canfield Casino, now home to the Saratoga Springs History Museum, or set up camp for one of the park’s outdoor concerts or theater performances.Downtown Delights & MoreEnjoy Victorian architecture, gourmet restaurants to suit any taste, fine shopping at boutiques and galleries sure to delight, all while staying in charming inns, bed and breakfasts and hotels. Downtown Saratoga Springs is fun day and night, when live entertainment entices music-lovers into unique cafes and bars. Check out Saratoga Performing Arts Center (SPAC) located in Saratoga Spa State Park and host to New York City Ballet and Philadelphia Orchestra’s summer residencies. Find everything from pop concerts and classical events to a jazz festival on the schedule there.Don’t leave without playing one of 14 affordable, high-quality golf courses, among them the Saratoga National Golf Club. Noted by Golf Digest as one of the Top 100 public courses in the U.S., the club’s dining and events are definitely on par with the course itself.