Michigan’s birthplace, Sault Ste. Marie, is a land of vast natural beauty that forms the nexus between lakes, countries, and cultures. The state’s first city is located on the banks of the mighty St. Marys River – a vital waterway that connects the Great Lakes and serves as an aquatic border with Canada. With a rich history comprised of Native American, French and British influences, the community affectionately known as “The Soo” offers much to see and do. Sample freshly caught whitefish, hike to an icy waterfall, stretch out on a pristine beach and visit the historic lighthouses. Experience the unique architecture of some of the state’s oldest buildings before spending an evening enjoying a lively nightlife that includes a plethora of food and drink options, gaming and concerts.

Maritime MajestySault Ste. Marie is home to the Soo Locks – a canal system that uses a series of gates and chambers to raise and lower ships and other vessels six meters between the levels of Lake Superior and the lower Lake Huron. The first lock was built almost 170 years ago, and today the locks provide passage for over 80 billion kilograms of commercial goods distributed throughout theGreat Lakesregion annually. Visitors can trace that same path by experiencing the river aboard a Soo Locks Boat Tours vessel. Back on land, a picturesque park and informative visitor center is found at the Soo Locks complex. Stop by the Museum Ship Valley Camp – a retired shipping freighter that now houses hundreds of nautical exhibits – and the Great Lakes Shipwreck Museum at the Whitefish Point Lighthouse. For sweeping views of Lake Superior and Sault Ste. Marie, climb to the top of Point Iroquois Lighthouse’s nearly 20-meter tower.The Wonder of NatureLake Superior’s sparkling fresh water is enjoyed by swimmers, boaters and anglers alike. Its beaches and parks offer the perfect location for a leisurely walk or waterfront relaxation. Mother Nature is also on full display at nearbyTahquamenon Falls State Park, where thundering waterfalls cascade over the rocks. The Upper Falls drop more than 15 meters to the river below and the Lower Falls provide a succession of smaller falls, each more beautiful than the last. The park features hiking trails, rowboat rentals, a brewpub with scenic views and unique gifts for purchase. Explore the vast woodlands of the Hiawatha National Forest, the perfect place for hiking and spotting wildlife year-round.North American CultureAs Sault Ste. Marie’s first residents, Native Americans lived on the abundant natural resources found in the waterways and woodland surrounding the city. As a result, various tribes, referred to as the Anishinaabeg or “original people,” found a gathering place in the Soo. The French and British would fight over the area in the 1700s due to its strategic significance. Today, visitors celebrate the heritage of the Sault Ste. Marie Tribe of Chippewa Indians and other Indigenous groups by attending annual Pow Wow celebrations, visiting local museums and listening to native storytellers share the lives of their ancestors here at Bahweting – the native name for Sault Ste. Marie. Ascend the Tower of History’s 64 meters by swift elevator to marvel at the city stretching out below you all the way to the Canadian border, then explore the two-level museum’s informative exhibits devoted to the area’s culture.