Scottsdale, Arizona is luxurious. It’s a known sanctuary for the rich and famous, home to more destination spas per capita than any other U.S. city. One of the top-rated art festivals and the former winter estate of Frank Lloyd Wright hint at the city’s cultural prowess. With a nickname like “The West’s Most Western Town” and an Old Town that feels as though you're on an old Western movie set, Scottsdale is also rugged. And when you set foot in the expansive Sonoran Desert – the most biologically diverse desert on the continent blanketed in desert brush, wildflowers and the iconic saguaro cactus – you’ll discover that Scottsdale is a desert city unlike any you’ve ever imagined with world-class experiences that are as one of a kind as the city itself.

Leisure and LuxuryTravelers the world over seek out Scottsdale for its incredible luxury offerings. A day at the spa could mean anything from chakra balancing and meditating in a teepee to a massage from a waterfall or a gold-infused facial. Three to try: Spa Avania at Hyatt Regency Scottsdale Resort & Spa at Gainey Ranch, The Spa at the Boulders Resort and Well & Being Spa or Sisley Paris, both at the Fairmont Scottsdale Princess, a AAA Five-Diamond Resort. Shoppers can refresh their wardrobes at local boutiques along the Fifth Avenue Shopping District or Scottsdale Fashion Square,Arizona’s largest shopping destination with over 250 outlets. Round out the pampering at acclaimed restaurants such as The House Brasserie, located in the second-oldest home in Scottsdale; Marcellino Ristorante along the waterfront; or Old Town Tortilla Factory, housed in a 75-year-old adobe home with a patio shaded by 100-year-old pecan trees.A Desert DreamThe Sonoran Desert is the wettest desert in the world. This unique characteristic supports some of the most diverse desert vegetation and animal species on Earth. There are even eight rivers and lakes that invite all types of water recreation. The vast expanse of mesa, brush and mountains is teeming with flora and fauna, including the iconic saguaro cactus that only grows in the Sonoran Desert. There are many memorable ways to explore this unparalleled ecosystem. Hike the McDowell Sonoran Preserve, Pinnacle Peak or, for advanced hikers, Camelback Mountain. Soar over the desert at sunrise or sunset in a hot-air balloon; go off-roading in a Hummer, Jeep, UTV or ATV; travel on horseback or Segway; or kayak the Salt River. If you’re worried about the summer heat, book your tour for early morning and relax poolside the rest of the day. Fall, spring and winter are wonderfully mild.Uncommon AttractionsWhether it’s arts and culture, history or local landmarks, Scottsdale has something to offer. Immerse yourself in Native American art and cowboy culture at Western Spirit: Scottsdale's Museum of the West. Visit an oasis in the city at OdySea Aquarium. The fully enclosed escalator that takes you to the shark exhibit is one-of-a-kind. Even the most knowledgeable music fans will be astounded by the 6,600 world instruments at the Musical Instrument Museum in nearbyPhoenix. For over two decades, legendary American architect Frank Lloyd Wright spent winters at his estate, Taliesin West, now a designated UNESCO World Heritage Site. Don’t miss a tour of this incredible property. Plus, Scottsdale is centrally located for day trips to theGrand Canyonand Sedona. At the end of the day, walk through the real swinging saloon doors and grab a drink at the Rusty Spur Saloon, Scottsdale’s oldest bar, or Sugar Bowl, an old-fashioned ice cream parlor in a bright pink building.