Featuring the towns of SeaTac, Des Moines and Tukwila, Seattle Southside’s convenient location – and family-friendly vibe – make it the perfect home base for urban explorers. Experience the authentic Pacific Northwest here, where beaches, green spaces and attractions ease you into Seattle-area culture. Referred to affectionately as the city’s “backyard,” SeaTac and its communities are diverse, friendly and relaxed—the kind of place you’ll want to return to after an eventful day exploring the city’s most popular sites.

Up in the AirIt’s no surprise that this city centered around the Pacific Northwest’s biggest airport aims to take visitors on aviation-themed adventures. Start at The Museum of Flight, an air and space museum to rival the airport itself (it’s the largest of its kind). See 175 aircraft and spacecraft as well as thousands of related artifacts, a museum and a library. Take flight at iFLY Seattle Indoor Skydiving, where you’ll find yourself in a simulated freefall in a vertical wind tunnel (and just as enthralled by the technology involved in getting you there). Back on land, catch the Sounders FC soccer players training at Starfire Sports, or watch a match from stadium stands that get you as close as possible to the action.Grounded Green SpacesExplore verdant parks and nature areas in Seattle Southside, where the Emerald City nickname is well-earned. Head to Highline SeaTac Botanical Garden, where four hectares of flora unfurl before you. Seven gardens await, including sensory, Japanese and rose areas. Don’t miss Seattle Southside’s stellar urban beach at Saltwater State Park, where you can dive the reef, lounge on the shore, hike or fish. Nearby Redondo Beach is a sweet beach community complete with a boardwalk, beloved seafood restaurants and gorgeous views of Puget Sound. There’s plenty of space to spread out at Des Moines Beach Park, which offers something to do for just about anyone, from walking trails to kayaking.Shopping & Family-Friendly FunThe region’s premier mall, Westfield Southcenter, is cherished for its wide range of stores and its accessibility, including plenty of parking. Treat the kids at the LEGO store or Build-A-Bear Workshop, followed by Taiwanese food and a movie. For dessert, you can’t beat nearby Seattle Chocolates. Tour the company headquarters for a truly delectable experience that includes tastings and insight on how the famed treats are made. Get moving again at Family Fun Center & Bullwinkle’s Restaurant. From bowling to batting cages to bumper cars, the center has more attractions than you can count (and for all ages).