In the foothills of Great Smoky Mountains National Park, Sevierville, Tennessee, is a special place filled with breathtaking scenery, warm people and a unique cultural history. That’s why Sevierville and the Smoky Mountains have served as inspiration for some of Tennessee’s biggest musical hits. It's also the hometown of Tennessee’s biggest hitmaker and star, Dolly Parton.

Born and raised in Sevierville, Dolly got her start in the music industry right downtown, singing live on the Cas Walker radio show. With her songs, she has described the beauty and richness of Sevierville and the Smoky Mountains and inspired many people to visit her “Smoky Mountain Home.” These days, visitors to Sevierville usually make a stop at the bronze statue of a young Dolly perched atop a rock with guitar in hand for a one-of-a-kind photo opportunity before visiting her Dollywood theme park to enjoy award-winning thrill rides, music shows and authentic Appalachian crafts.Dolly Parton is only part of what draws people to visit Sevierville. Once-in-a-lifetime experiences are ample here, such as helicopter tours of rarely seen and inaccessible portions of the national park, “barnstorming” bi-plane flights and zip line tours. Floyd Garrett’s Muscle Car Museum and the collectibles and antique pieces at Smoky Mountain Knife Works present Americana at its finest, while the Tennessee Museum of Aviation focuses on rare and historic military aircraft. Live music shows are an important part of the Tennessee experience and feature entertaining routines, traditional mountain music and dance, comedy and popular country tunes.Shopping in Sevierville is a must, especially because it’s home toTennessee’s largest outlet mall, Tanger Outlets Sevierville. This 110-store complex features such name-brand stores as Coach, Kate Spade, Levi's and more, all stocked with designer merchandise at deeply discounted prices. Sevierville also features a variety of art galleries, boutiques and antique stores where shoppers can find gifts and souvenirs that perfectly capture the feeling and scenery of their U.S. holiday.Scenic beauty is synonymous with Sevierville. Views stretch for kilometers across the rolling foothills intoGreat Smoky Mountains National Park, America’s most-visited national park. The Great Smoky Mountains is an International Biosphere Reserve, boasting more than 10,000 identified species and another 90,000 believed yet to be discovered. There are more than 150 hiking trails in the park, including portions of the Appalachian Trail. Nearly 80 historic structures preserve Southern Appalachian heritage in the park.While historic buildings may convey how early Appalachian settlers lived, their spirit is best conveyed by Sevierville’s residents. Warm smiles and genuine care for everyone are hallmarks of the area’s southern hospitality. Experience this firsthand by staying in Sevierville during a trip to the Smokies. Guests will find a variety of accommodations, including luxurious mountain cabins complete with game rooms, hot tubs, gas fireplaces and full kitchens. Convenient brand-name hotels and family-friendly water park resorts are also available.