Life's possibilities are endless in Sonoma County. Located just 48 kilometers north of San Francisco, this gorgeous coastal region offers even more than its famed wine scene. This is a place where you can connect with local artisans, winemakers, farmers and chefs, or indulge in a relaxing spa treatment – all while surrounded by the rugged Pacific Ocean coastline, soaring redwoods, picturesque vineyards and charming small towns. The acclaimed food and wine and natural wonders of Sonoma County create a wine country experience like no other.

Famous WineriesWine enthusiasts already know about Sonoma County's famed wineries and nearly 20 distinct wine-growing areas encompassed within 405,000 hectares. Vintners produce a stunning array of wines. Many visitors are pleasantly surprised to find that wine tasting in Sonoma is a casual, friendly affair, often with the winemaker pouring for visitors. Sonoma County produces some of the world’s best wines. Top wines include pinot noir, chardonnay, zinfandel, cabernet sauvignon and sauvignon blanc.Eat FreshWhether grown locally on family farms or harvested fresh from the sea, Sonoma County's eateries embrace an eat-fresh philosophy that offers visitors a true taste of wine country. Venture out to discover a food lover's paradise: More than 500 restaurants ranging from Michelin- and Zagat-rated to casual wine country cuisine use freshly harvested, locally grown produce. Don’t forget the farmers' markets; there is one open every day during season in Sonoma County.Beer and CiderDiscover Sonoma County’s other famous beverages: beer, cider and spirits. Sonoma County now has more than 30 operating breweries, cider houses and distilleries. Ciders make use of local apples, historically one of the crops that first made this region famous. Craft distillers roll out vodka, gin and whiskeys and offer tastings. In fact, some of the top beers in the USA are brewed in Sonoma County. Maps are available that show the locations of tasting rooms.Explore NatureSonoma County is one of California’s most diverse natural destinations. More than 60 regional and state parks beckon travelers to hike through redwood forests, paddle along the coast, cycle scenic roads and discover California history. Perhaps you will simply just sit down and enjoy the sounds of nature.Enjoy the ArtsWith 120-plus performing arts companies, more than 30 performing arts venues, 80 museums and galleries, and more than 27,000 artists of every discipline, there’s plenty of arts and culture to explore.Catch a live performance at a local pub or one of the area’s top venues, including: the world-renowned concert hall at Green Music Center on the Sonoma State University campus; headliners’ favorite North Bay venue, Wells Fargo Center for the Arts; and the Transcendence Theatre Company’s award-winning Broadway Under the Stars at Jack London State Park.Only in SonomaThe Charles M. Schulz Museum celebrates all things Charlie Brown and the Peanuts gang. Visit to learn more about the amazing artist and storyteller in this comprehensive facility.Safari West is an African-style adventure in the heart of wine country. Explore the Sonoma Serengeti alongside romping herds of exotic wildlife or relax in a luxury safari tent under the gaze of a graceful giraffe.Fast and furious action at Sonoma Raceway’s road course includes NASCAR, IndyCar and motorcycle racing. Those wanting to experience racing on a more personal level can suit up and jump in a real race car at a driving school at the track.