With 54 kilometers of uninterrupted beaches, South Padre Island leads the Texas beach scene for all ages. From young to old and everyone in between, South Padre Island welcomes guests to this paradise in southern Texas.

An array of activities expands the opportunites for the outdoor enjoyment of South Padre Island. Pitch your tent under the stars and wake up with the sound of the waves at any of three campgrounds. Take a surfing or sandcastle-sculpting lesson. Parasail more than 200 meters above clear blue water for breathtaking views of the Laguna Madre Bay and the Gulf of Mexico. Play miniature golf or careen down a giant water slide. Take a spin on a go-cart track. Shop until you drop at locally owned stores. Enjoy live music nightly at one of South Padre Island's many establishments.South Padre Island offers a spectacular accommodations suitable for every taste and budget. A vast selection of rental condos and homes, ideal for longer stays, are available. National lodging chains and unique independent hotels and motels have a presence on the island as well. The island provides guests with everything they need to tailor their own custom beach vacation experience.Winter, spring, summer or fall, South Padre has it all. Summer is prime family time featuring Friday and Saturday night fireworks displays on the beach and bay at both ends of the Island. It's also a great time to catch a tan, a wave or a fish. Fall is also a favorite time of year due to cooler temperatures and even cooler events like Sand Castle Days, where you can see breathtaking sand sculptures.While the island prides itself on attracting over 1 million visitors each year, the locals are even prouder that millions of migratory birds and sea turtles instinctively migrate to South Padre Island each year on their own. As a matter of fact, over 300 species of migratory birds drop by yearly, making South Padre Island one of the best birding spots in the world. This is the only place in the world where you can see a baby Kemp's ridley sea turtle in captivity. Join a Sea Turtle Inc. hatchling release and create memories that will last a lifetime.Turns out birds aren't the only ones migrating to South Padre Island every winter. From November through February, thousands of retirees flock to South Padre Island from the north for some warm weather and an even warmer reception.Nobody goes hungry on South Padre Island. Choices range from from fast food to fine dining, from burgers and fresh seafood to Mexican and Italian. There’s something for every appetite. There are more than 50 full-service restaurants, meaning every taste and budget can be satisfied on South Padre Island. And if you go fishing, most restaurants will even cook your catch for a fixed fee. It doesn't get any fresher than that.