Travelers from all over the world have long been enchanted by St. Augustine and Ponte Vedra. Known as Florida’s Historic Coast, the area was first discovered in 1513 by Spanish explorer Juan Ponce de Leon. And today – more than 500 years later – it’s still worth exploring. So, plan an adventure with family or friends, and come discover Florida’s Historic Coast for yourself.

Beautiful BeachesGorgeous, golden beaches stretch all along the Atlantic coast, but the beaches of St. Augustine and Ponte Vedra are truly unique. You won’t see any towering buildings, hotels or condominiums blocking the sun while you’re playing in the sand or splashing in cool, blue waves. But you will enjoy 68 kilometers of wide coastline surrounded by natural beauty and plenty of light.Fun Things to DoBoth on the coast and in the city, you’ll find plenty of fun for the whole family, including sightseeing by boat, kayaking while searching for wildlife, visiting the Ripley’s Believe It or Not! Museum, deep-sea fishing, taking a haunted ghost tour and riding in a horse-drawn carriage, just to name a few.Historic LandmarksMuch of St. Augustine is defined by its vast history, giving you a glimpse into Florida’s past. Explore the battle-tested Castillo de San Marcos and witness a cannon-firing from its gun decks. Venture through the Colonial Quarter to find out what local life was like hundreds of years ago. Climb to the top of the St. Augustine Lighthouse and marvel at the stunning views of Matanzas Bay. And discover Juan Ponce de Leon’s famous Fountain of Youth.Golf Capital of the WorldThis is a well-known – and well-deserved – name for this area because it’s home to dozens of world-class golf courses. Amateur players and accomplished professionals alike will find a course for every skill level. You can even visit the World Golf Hall of Fame, where golf’s greatest legacies are honored and preserved. Plus, TPC Sawgrass in Ponte Vedra is ranked one of the top golf destinations in America and recognized as one of the most famous golf courses in the world.Diverse Entertainment and Places to StayShopping and dining options are everywhere on Florida’s Historic Coast. Choose from among upscale shops, gourmet restaurants and casual cafés in Ponte Vedra. Plus, check out the outlet shopping malls, art galleries, antique stores, bakeries and popular seafood places in St. Augustine. And don’t forget to walk through bustling St. George Street and the historic downtown district.Lodging options range from historic hotels to beachfront inns to gorgeous golf resorts. For something a little different, go camping in a scenic park. Or, if you’re traveling with a large group, rent a multi-bedroom house on the beach.