There is a place where canyon walls surround you. St. George, gateway to Zion and surrounding areas, gives you a feeling that won’t quite fit inside your camera. The colors here will astound you. The perspective will humble you. The immensity will leave you in awe. One of the most intimate and favorite parks of visitors from all over the world, the sheer magnitude and color of Zion National Park, including Zion Canyon, is best experienced from the bottom up.

Elevations in the canyon range from 1,219 meters at the valley floor to nearly 2,743 meters at the highest point. A favorite of rock climbers and hiking enthusiasts, the vertical climbs and zigzagging trails will take you to pinnacles, domes, arches and spires. Hanging gardens, canyon waterfalls and natural stain-lined canyon walls create a tropical paradise in the middle of an arid desert climate. Zion Canyon offers something for everyone, including trails ranging from short “leg stretcher” walks to strenuous adventures. Emerald Pools, Weeping Rock and the Riverside Walk are short family hikes on paved trails.The more advanced terrain of Angels Landing, Observation Point and Hidden Canyon beckons to visitors who will trade strenuous climbs for stunning panoramas on higher ground. The Narrows is probably one of the most legendary canyons to hike in all of Zion National Park. Here, the majestic walls of the main canyon close in to form a tall and narrow canyon with beautiful dark corners and the Virgin River flowing around you. With beautiful water and barely any direct sunlight reaching the bottom, this is the slot canyon to which all other slot canyons are compared.The eclectic town of Springdale is a unique place nestled amid the sandstone peaks of Zion Canyon that welcomes you to the park. Walk the tree-lined streets to enjoy the eateries, brew pubs, artist galleries, interesting rock shops and fun souvenir stores. You won’t want to miss Springdale’s own micro-brewery, or the many events and festivals taking place throughout the year. Choose from an abundance of hotels, motels, bed-and-breakfast inns and campgrounds to accommodate a variety of preferences and budgets.Take advantage of the town shuttle that intersects with the Zion shuttle. Plan to stay several days, unwind and absorb all the activities, views and atmosphere Springdale offers.You won’t find a place that offers more variety of activities and adventure than the St. George area. With Zion as your backdrop, conditions for rock climbing, mountain biking and exploring deep slot canyons are supreme. Enjoy an ATV or four-wheel-drive excursion, skydiving and horseback riding. This land of red rocks, blue skies and pink sand dunes is packed with adventure. It's your one-stop shot for an adventure holiday.