Get two great vacation experiences in one by visiting St. Louis Park and Golden Valley, Minnesota, just 10 minutes away from big-city Minneapolis. Travelers will enjoy the small-town charm, walkability, unique shops and diverse dining in St. Louis Park and the neighboring city of Golden Valley. There are numerous ways to explore the outdoors in this urban oasis with more than 80 lush parks. This is an ideal, and affordable, base for those seeking small-town charm, comfortable hotel rooms and easy access to Minneapolis-area attractions and the international airport.

Top Neighborhoods and AttractionsIn St. Louis Park, the must-visit hot spot for shopping, dining and nightlife is The West End neighborhood. South of The West End, the revitalized Historic Walker Lake District also draws people to an eclectic mix of retailers and products, including Minnesota-branded clothing and gear at Sota Clothing Co. (Added bonus: You won’t be charged sales tax on clothing purchases in Minnesota.) Before embarking on outdoor adventures in St. Louis Park, you’ll want to check out the clothes and gear at Hoigaard’s, in business since 1895. At the Pavek Museum, take a guided tour to see antique radio and television equipment and learn more about the pioneers of electronic communications. For more modern entertainment, put on a headset at REM5 Virtual Reality Lab and traverse the 557-square-meter indoor playground. Fans of the late musician Prince will want to include his Paisley Park estate in nearby Chanhassen on the itinerary.Dining and EntertainmentTake a break from exploring to sip beverages at two breweries, Steel Toe and Under Pressure; two distilleries, Copperwing and Dampfwerk Distillery Co.; and a winery, Warehouse Wines. Be sure to try Dampfwerk’s gin, aquavit and German-style fruit brandies and liqueurs. Many of the area’s restaurants offer patio dining. Try the flavorful Japanese fusion fare at Raku Sushi & Lounge, or opt for fish and chips and a pint at The Local Irish Pub, both in the West End. Sample the tequilas at Rojo Mexican Grill and some of the 100 beers on tap at Yard House. To complete a great meal, taste sweet confections at the Droolin’ Moose, a gourmet chocolate shop. In Golden Valley, choose from a tantalizing menu of Thai, Vietnamese, Laotian, Cambodian and Filipino dishes, as well as colorful cocktails, at Lat14 Asian Eatery. Then test your skills at Game Show Battle Rooms, where you can play against friends and family in your favorite TV game shows; or solve clues and try to escape a locked room before time runs out at Escape MSP. During warm-weather months, the Veterans' Memorial Amphitheater at Wolfe Park is a popular place for live music.Lovely Natural SettingsDon’t spend all of your time indoors when there is so much to discover in St. Louis Park and Golden Valley’s beautiful landscapes. A jewel among dozens of area parks is Westwood Hills Nature Center, an eco-friendly interpretive experience with wildlife, offering 65 hectares of marsh, woods and restored prairie with nearly 5 kilometers of trails and walkways. Activities include canoeing and fishing on Westwood Lake, as well as snowshoeing and skiing in the winter. For topMinnesotacross-country skiing, try out the trails at Theodore Wirth Regional Park. The park is gorgeous year-round and includes Wirth Lake Beach, a bird sanctuary, several gardens and two golf courses. People of all ages, but especially children, will enjoy summer days at the St. Louis Park Aquatic Park with its pool, slides and obstacle course.