Travelers looking for cosmopolitan fun, excitement and adventure will discover a great fit in St. Louis. Located in the midwestern USA, St. Louis is sophisticated yet affordable with a variety of attractions, exhibits and cuisine, all wrapped in a friendly, diverse atmosphere. Here are some classic stops and new favorites to hit on your next visit.

St. Louis and the BluesThe National Blues Museum is the only attraction of its kind dedicated to preserving and honoring the history and legacy of Blues music and its global impact. A must-see attraction, the museum features artifact-driven exhibits, live performances and interactive galleries to perpetuate blues culture for future artists, fans and historians.Music lovers will also want to hear authentic St. Louis blues. Most of the region’s blues clubs feature local bands on weekends as well as occasional touring artists. For guaranteed live blues, seven days a week, check out BB’s Jazz, Blues & Soups and Broadway Oyster Bar – all nearby and a short taxi ride south of downtown.Get Your Kicks on Route 66Known as the “Mother Road” and the “Main Street of America,” Route 66 plays an important role in American lore. St. Louis is one of the largest cities along Route 66 between Chicago and Los Angeles, and there are a number of local sites related to the road including the Old Chain of Rocks Bridge – Route 66’s original crossing over the Mississippi River.Dessert and Barbecue TraditionsA St. Louis tradition on Old Route 66 since 1929, Ted Drewes serves up frosty “concrete” shakes so thick you can turn them upside down. Try the “All Shook Up,” blended with peanut butter and bananas in honor of Elvis Presley.St. Louisans take barbecue seriously. Barbecue lovers can enjoy ribs served dry-rub style, savory beef brisket and delectable pulled pork at restaurants including Pappy’s, Sugarfire Smoke House and many more.Brewery CultureFounded in St. Louis in 1852 and headquartered in the historic Soulard neighborhood, Anheuser-Busch welcomes visitors at its Anheuser-Busch St. Louis Brewery and Tour Center as well as the Biergarten – a relaxed place to enjoy lager beers (like Budweiser), ales and other specialty beers.In 1991, the St. Louis Brewery & Tap Room became the first brewery to open in St. Louis in more than 50 years. Schlafly has become a local favorite, adding a second local brewery, Schlafly Bottleworks.Other popular St. Louis microbreweries include Square One Brewery & Distillery, 4 Hands Brewing Company, Urban Chestnut Grove Brewery & Bierhall and Urban Chestnut Midtown Brewery & Biergarten.Play Ball!St. Louis has been called the best baseball city in the USA, and no trip is complete without attending a St. Louis Cardinals baseball game. The Cardinals are the heart and soul of the region, with more than 3 million fans flocking to see them at Busch Stadium each season.Across from Busch Stadium, visit Ballpark Village, home to a Cardinals-themed restaurant, rooftop deck seating, the St. Louis Cardinals Hall of Fame and Museum, and a Budweiser Brew House, complete with beer garden.Magnificent Gateway ArchThe nation’s tallest man-made monument and world’s tallest arch, the Gateway Arch celebrated its 50th birthday in 2015. Iconic and awe-inspiring, the Arch was created by renowned architect Eero Saarinen and commemorates Thomas Jefferson’s vision and St. Louis’ role in the western expansion of the U.S. Take the enclosed tram to the observation deck for breathtaking views of the city and Mississippi River.