St. Pete/Clearwater is nestled on a sun-drenched peninsula between Tampa Bay and the Gulf of Mexico. With its 56 kilometers of white-sand beaches and lively cultural scene, the destination offers a getaway in paradise. To enjoy refreshing Gulf breezes and fiery Florida sunsets, head to Clearwater Beach, TripAdvisor's No. 1 Beach in the USA for 2016, 2018 and 2019. Looking for more sugar sand, vintage vibes and untouched natural beauty? There’s a beach for every mood in St. Pete/Clearwater.

Seaside SplendorThrill seekers flock to St. Pete Beach for its array of exhilarating watersports, where you can spend a sunny morning boating, riding WaveRunners and parasailing. Cruise to Madeira Beach to browse the shops in John’s Pass Village & Boardwalk. As evening approaches, be sure to catch a gorgeous sunset from the beach, on a sunset cruise or even from a floating tiki bar.Families love Fort De Soto Park for its white-sand beaches, accessible recreation areas and intriguing history. The park stretches across five islands in the Gulf of Mexico and Tampa Bay, where quiet backwaters welcome leisurely canoeing and kayaking.Paddling enthusiasts will also want to explore the mangrove tunnels at Weedon Island Preserve as well as the tranquil waters of Shell Key Preserve, where you can venture out in a clear kayak to observe the archipelago’s abundant wildlife, like dolphins and manatees.Shell Key Preserve is one of several natural gems in St. Pete/Clearwater accessible only by boat. For more island-style adventures, take a ferry from Fort De Soto Park to Egmont Key to snorkel around sunken ruins, or kayak or take the ferry to relax on the pristine beaches of Caladesi Island State Park. Be on the lookout for wild dolphins, ospreys, cormorants and pelicans.Downtown Arts SceneSt. Pete/Clearwater could rely solely on its beautiful shoreline for fun, but it doesn’t. The area is also home to chef-owned restaurants, independent boutiques and a vibrant arts scene. Don’t miss the Dalí Museum, home to the USA's largest collection of works by Spanish surrealist Salvador Dalí. Then head over to the Morean Arts Center's Chihuly Collection to find Dale Chihuly’s incredible glass art, or visit the one-of-a-kind Museum of the American Arts & Crafts Museum. Spot some of the hundreds of vibrant murals that decorate downtown St. Pete on a bike or walking tour. Many of them are near Central Avenue, the colorful, funky hub of the city, where the culinary arts are equally exciting. Enjoy the Florida weather when you dine al fresco at local restaurants – and don't miss the St. Pete Pier District, which offers scenic waterfront dining.Getting Here and Getting AroundIt’s a breeze to get to St. Pete/Clearwater’s top beaches and fun-loving communities. There are plenty of direct flight options arriving daily to two international airports in the area. Plus, it’s only a short drive to Orlando. Once in St. Pete/Clearwater, the high walkability factor and public transportation will help you easily navigate the area, so you can focus on enjoying your ultimateFloridavacation on the Gulf Coast.