A modern paradise filled with colonial jewels, St. Thomas in the U.S. Virgin Islands is both a historian’s and an adventure-seeker’s playground. The island boasts one of the most beautiful harbors in the world as well as some of the most popular activities in the U.S. Virgin Islands. Indulge in some of the world’s prettiest beaches. Re-discover history in storied museums, forts and historic houses. Hike, bike or take the sky tram. Play a round of golf. Attractions in St. Thomas appeal to both those seeking adventure and those looking for peaceful relaxation.

On any list of places to visit in the U.S. Virgin Islands, Charlotte Amalie rises to the top due to its combination of natural beauty and thriving city life. As the most-visited port in the Caribbean, it offers elegant dining, exciting nightlife, duty-free shopping and even submarine rides.Family fun is afoot in St. Thomas. Coral World Ocean Park has long been a favorite among visitors and residents. Park goers can swim with sea lions, do a Sea Trek walk along the ocean floor, encounter turtles, sharks and stingrays, feed the lorikeets and more. Other highlights include the Undersea Observatory, built nine meters underwater, and the Marine Gardens gallery of 21 aquariums.St. Thomas Skyride whisks visitors up more than 200 meters above the town of Charlotte Amalie for some of the most dramatic views in the Caribbean. Hike the Nature Trail and see parrots, goats, ducks, geese and other tropical birds. The Butterfly Garden is a beautiful oasis filled with colorful butterfly species from around the world.Love golf? Play a round on the George and Tom Fazio-designed course, offering 18 challenging holes, culminating in the spectacular “Devil’s Triangle,” the world-renowned trio of signature holes on the Atlantic Ocean. And the beaches, oh the beaches. Magens Bay is St. Thomas’ most popular beach, a protected, heart-shaped bay stretching more than 1.5 kilometers and featuring sapphire-blue waters and white sand that feel like paradise. You’ll find the perfect beaches for fishing, snorkeling, water activities and even a little seclusion – whatever your heart desires.The water activities on St. Thomas are incredible, too. Whether you’re newly certified or a more advanced diver, it’s possible to spot more than 500 species of fish, 40 types of coral and hundreds of invertebrates inhabiting the water. As the sun sets, octopi, seahorses and moray eels make their appearance. Lucky vacationers may even witness turtles hatching at one of the many turtle nesting grounds.St. Thomas certainly has much to offer, but there’s even more to discover. Head toVisitUSVI.comto explore St. Thomas a little deeper as well asother destinations in the U.S. Virgin Islands, such as St. John and St. Croix. And see for yourself why the locals like to call our islands “so nice!”