Located 90 minutes east of San Francisco, Stockton is a taste of Old California mixed with the vibrancy of an active events scene, diverse population and unexpected attractions. Savor its rich agricultural roots at year-round farmers' markets, fruit stands and wineries. From April to October, the calendar is full of festivals and special events including the Stockton Asparagus Festival, the colorful Cambodian New Year Celebration and St. Basil’s Greek Festival. Stockton is a hidden gem of the San Francisco Bay Area, offering affordable accommodations and a central location – not to mention nearly perfect weather all year long.

Explore Downtown and the WaterfrontThe waterfront along the San Joaquin Delta waterway and adjacent downtown Stockton are home to some of the city’s most popular attractions. Watch the Stockton Ports play minor league baseball at Banner Island Ballpark or cheer for the Stockton Heat hockey team at the Stockton Arena. Catch a concert or a movie at the Bob Hope Theatre. Built in 1930, it’s listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is full of vintage details.The Haggin Museum, an impressive brick building located in midtown, holds the largest collection of work by J.C. Leyendecker, whose iconic illustrations graced more than 300 covers of the “Saturday Evening Post.” Families can enjoy wholesome fun at the Children’s Museum of Stockton or Pixie Woods Amusement Park.Only-in-Stockton AttractionsMonks at Wat Dhammararam Cambodian Buddhist Temple invite visitors to browse the temple’s grounds free of charge to see the more than 90 hand-carved, bejeweled and painted statues that tell the story of Buddha and the Cambodian faith. Be sure to get a photo of the reclining Buddha, measuring more than 15 meters long. Every April, the temple hosts the popular Cambodian New Year Celebration in April.There are two university campuses that are lovely to visit. At California State University Stanislaus, walk the 1.6-kilometer University Park Discovery Trail and marvel at hundreds of flowers and messages of peace at the World Peace Rose Garden. University of the Pacific is the oldest chartered university in California. The mature trees and brick buildings, reminiscent of East Coast Ivy League schools, have served as a backdrop for Hollywood films including the Indiana Jones series’ “Raiders of the Lost Ark” and “Kingdom of the Crystal Skull”.Where to Dine and ShopWith a rich agricultural tradition, Stockton is a feast for the senses. Find fresh produce stands and farmers’ markets throughout the area, including the Weberstown Market, known for local fruits, vegetables and baked goods, and the Downtown Asian Farmers’ Market, one of the oldest outdoor markets in the state offering mountains of Asian products and domestic produce at incredible prices.Watch cheese being made at nearby Oakdale Cheese & Specialties, followed up by a wine tasting at Sorelle Winery. Stockton’s Miracle Mile, the heart of city activity in the 1950s and ‘60s, is experiencing a resurgence of popularity. Along pedestrian-friendly city blocks are quaint shops, galleries, pubs and restaurants serving up everything from craft beer to sushi. Later, head over to Lincoln Center to explore nearly 100 merchants and eateries. There are a few famous brands, but the majority of the shops are small boutiques – perfect for finding that one-of-a-kind memento.