Sandwiched between Mount Mansfield State Forest and Putnam State Forest, the historic alpine village of Stowe is a chic destination with an eclectic mix of activities, cultural events and arts. But it’s also a year-round haven for outdoor enthusiasts who want to watch the leaves change in fall, go rock climbing in summer or zip down the slopes of the “ski capital of the east” in winter.

First, the SkiingThe ski slopes are within Stowe Mountain Resort, where two mountains are accessed via a gondola and 13 chair lifts. Visitors can opt for downhill, cross-country or snowboarding on 116 trails of various difficulty levels or try one of six terrain parks scattered amongst the 200 skiable hectares. If you’re not a skier, opt for a sleigh ride, snowshoeing, ice fishing, ice skating, snowmobiling or even a dog-sledding tour.Next, the TownSettled about 200 years ago, the village of Stowe offers an eclectic mix of activities, cultural events and arts and crafts. The performing arts are alive and well here, and both drama and musical theater can be found at the Spruce Peak Performing Arts Center or the Stowe Theatre Guild. It’s easy to while away an afternoon at a gallery or two, the Stowe Historical Society and Museum, or the Ski and Snowboard Museum. Browse some of the 70 stores stocking everything from specialty foods to handcrafted furniture to exquisite locally made jewelry. If you time your visit right, attend the Pumpkin Chuckin’ Festival or the Stowe Winter Carnival.A Place for All SeasonsStowe is just as dynamic in summer and fall as it is during ski season. Visitors can walk, bike, skate and jog on the Stowe Recreation Path, and golfers can enjoy the greens at three courses. Hiking is a favorite pastime around Stowe, with Smugglers Notch and Mount Mansfield being the most scenic spots. The most popular of four trails leading to the summit is the Mansfield Mountain-Sunset Ridge-Long Trail Loop, which passes by a beautiful waterfall. And on autumn weekends in October, the area becomes a haven for leaf-peepers as the foliage starts changing and the trees burst with vivid color. See fall foliage on drives through the hills or on a boat trip on the Waterbury Reservoir.