Conveniently located in central New York State, with direct access to two major highways, Syracuse is quickly becoming one of New York’s most sought-after destinations. The Syracuse area encourages visitors and residents to celebrate their passions and enjoy the region on their own terms, which is the very essence of the brand ― Syracuse: Do Your Thing.

Things to Do in SyracuseVisitors recognize Syracuse as a refreshing and unique blend of entertainment, history, adventure and culture – with artistic flair. Syracuse is a beautiful city admired for exceptional architecture that has managed to stand the test of time. In fact, the city has a rich historical footprint:The historic Erie Canal was once a major form of transportation throughout the city.The Women’s Suffrage movement has roots in Syracuse.Citizens were very active in the Underground Railroad and anti-slavery movement.Until 1900, Syracuse supplied most of the USA with salt from local salt springs.Today, downtown Syracuse is in the midst of an urban renaissance, offering a trendy setting for traveling Broadway shows, upscale dining, local shopping, hotels, galleries, museums, condominiums, performing arts venues and nightlife activities. Self-guided walking tours make it possible for anyone to find historical monuments and sample a variety of fabulous fare. Outdoor enthusiasts enjoy recreation in more than 50 state, county and city parks; golfers tee it up on more than 40 golf courses; and animal lovers bond with the 700 animals at Rosamond Gifford Zoo.Sports fans can’t get enough of Syracuse University basketball! Also known as New York’s College Team, the Orange knows how to draw a crowd. The iconic Carrier Dome has a record attendance of 35,446 cheering fans in a sea of orange. It is the only domed stadium in the northeastern USA, and the largest of its kind on a college campus in the country.Self-proclaimed foodies love to sample the local flavor of farm-to-table entrees, from funky food trucks to award-winning, nationally televised restaurants, including the original and infamous Dinosaur Bar-B-Que. Dinosaur is not only the best place in town for barbecue, it’s also the heart and soul of Syracuse’s burgeoning music scene. With almost no fanfare at all, this city has grown into a major hotbed of live music in the northeastern USA. Within the past few years, Syracuse has become one of the major music capitals in the region. Thanks in part to an influx of local blues bands, successful regional festivals like Syracuse Jazz Fest, New York State Rhythm and Blues Festival and unique venues like the Dinosaur.Syracuse is also home to Destiny USA, New York state’s largest enclosed shopping, dining and entertainment destination. Destiny USA is the sixth-largest shopping venue in the country and houses more than 250 high-end brand name tenants (outlets included). With options like go-cart racing, climbing the world’s largest suspended indoor ropes course, and mind-blowing amusement, Destiny USA gives the entire family a different reason to go “shopping.”Syracuse offers a wide variety of options for everyone to enjoy and discover. It’s easy to navigate and you’ll find that you don’t have to venture too far to find what you’re looking for. So what are you waiting on? Visit Syracuse. Do Your Thing.