Set in a desert valley amid the crimson Sangre de Cristo Mountains, few cities in the USA are as unique as Taos. The influence of three cultures can be felt around every corner, thanks to its Native American, Spanish and Anglo heritages. For 100 years, Taos been home to artists and craftsmen, making it a great place to find creative inspiration and innovative souvenirs. With over 2,500 square kilometers of public wilderness, outdoor enthusiasts can find numerous places to hike, ski or bike. The population of Taos may be small, but the possibilities are limitless.

1,000 Years of SettlementAmong the most famous monuments in Taos is Taos Pueblo, a multistory adobe village inhabited for more than a millennium by the Taos Native American tribe. Beyond the ancient pueblo, Spanish culture can be explored at the Hacienda de Los Martinez or the San Francisco de Asis mission. The mélange of cultures is evident in the local cuisine, which can be sampled at more than 50 restaurants, including home-style Spanish-themed eateries, microbreweries and five-star fusion dining.A Working Artists’ ColonyEver since the first artists arrived in the 1920s, Taos has been a mecca for creative minds. Painting, sculpture, photography, pottery, metalwork and multimedia pieces can be admired at numerous private galleries or at museums such as the Harwood Museum of Art and the Taos Art Museum. If you’re not sure where to start, take a 45-minute art tour of the town and get an overview of the creative side of Taos. Those who want to create their own masterpieces can attend workshops or classes in everything from stone carving to welding.Outdoor SplendorBoth desert and mountain activities await in Taos. If you’re up for a challenge, consider a gorgeous high-altitude hike at Williams Lake, or plan a camping trip in the Wild Rivers Recreation Area. Visitors flock in the winter months to the world-class Taos Ski Valley, which features five ski resorts. For the best view of the valley, take a ride in a hot-air balloon. For a more low-key adventure, consider a scenic vehicle tour to discover sites like the Rio Grande Gorge Bridge, Wheeler Peak and the Rio Grande Del Norte National Monument.