Nestled in a box canyon in the San Juan Mountains of southwest Colorado and surrounded by the highest concentration of 4,200-meter peaks in the state, Telluride is a hidden gem in the Rockies. Founded as a mining town in the late 1800s, Telluride is steeped in history with stunning scenery that is undeniably some of the most beautiful in Colorado. Its blend of historic architecture, world-class hotels, spas and independent restaurants make any visit unforgettable. Linked by a free gondola, Telluride and neighboring Mountain Village effortlessly blend luxury and sophistication with historic charm and mountain spirit.

Winter on and off the SlopesWith more than 809 hectares of incredible terrain, Telluride lives up to its reputation as the most beautiful place you’ll ever ski. The Plunge, Gold Hill and Palmyra Peak offer plenty of steeps and incredible hike-to terrain for experts. See Forever and Prospect Bowl provide the ideal terrain for intermediates, and the gentle, wide-open slopes of Ute Park and The Meadows get beginners off to the right start. With a majority of lodging ski-in/ski-out or within walking distance of the slopes, a car-free experience can easily be had.A variety of other winter activities in addition to skiing are also available and include showshoe and snowbike tours, snowmobiling, Nordic skiing and sleigh rides.In addition to outdoor activities, Telluride offers visitors a top-notch culinary experience on and off the mountain. Skiers and riders can enjoy gourmet dishes and fine wines at on-mountain restaurants like Bon Vivant and Alpino Vino, then head to one of the many lively après ski spots when the day winds down. For dinner, restaurant choices range from classic steaks and chops to rustic Italian, Pan Asian and inventive dishes featuring locally sourced ingredients.Festivities Throughout the SummerTelluride, many locals will tell you, is a place where people come for the winter, then stay for the summer. Few places rival Telluride’s scenery, outdoor activities and unique spirit, and its designation as “Festival Capital of the Southwest” means there is never a shortage of activity.Nearly every summer weekend, visitors and locals have the chance to celebrate everything from music to independent films, craft beer, yoga and more. Year after year, Telluride's festival lineup brings first-class entertainers, artists, culinary experts and others to the mountains to share the love of their craft in an intimate atmosphere. From the kickoff to summer at Mountainfilm over Memorial Day weekend to the Telluride Bluegrass Festival and the lauded Telluride Film Festival, an amazing experience is never far away.Summer guests can also enjoy a variety of outdoor adventures, including hiking, mountain biking, fly-fishing, rafting, horseback riding, tours in sport utility vehicles and much more.Getting HereGetting to Telluride is as easy as getting around the city. The Telluride (TEX) and Montrose (MTJ) regional airports are conveniently served by five commercial carriers with non-stop flights available from eight major U.S. hub cities.