An abundance of award-winning varietals catapulted Temecula Valley into a Wine Enthusiast Top 10 Wine Destination, but visitors also appreciate this vibrant place for its spirit of living life to the fullest. Raise your wine glass at a farm-to-table meal, absorb the cowboy culture in Old Town Temecula and enjoy wide-open spaces, mountain views and outdoor adventures. Although it feels worlds away, the valley is incredibly convenient – an hour from San Diego, Palm Springs and Orange County, and 90 minutes from Los Angeles – making it easy to explore Southern California’s iconic attractions.

Southern California Wine Country, Craft Beer and Artisan SpiritsThis globally recognized wine destination, distinct from any other in California, is an American Viticultural Area (AVA) with rolling, Tuscan-like hills and a climate often compared to the Mediterranean. Wine lovers can plan a vacation around nearly 50 wineries, each with unique amenities. Explore on your own or join a tour to sample hand-crafted wines grown from dozens of grape varietals, including well-known favorites such as cabernet sauvignon, Syrah and chardonnay, as well as under-the-radar tastes like Sangiovese, grenache and Vermentino. Temecula Valley also features a thriving craft brewery and spirits scene. Sip a pint at one of the valley’s dozen craft breweries, or schedule a tasting of small-batch spirits at a distillery.Small-Town Atmosphere and Big-Time FunTemecula marries rustic, 19th-century California ranching and stagecoach history with an authentic, but modern, small-town vibe. Old Town Temecula bustles with craft boutiques, galleries and even a few speakeasies. Fed by a local farming and agricultural region, with some talented culinary mavericks at the helm, Temecula is fast becoming a foodie haven. Families can explore history at the Temecula Valley Museum, see a stage production at the Old Town Temecula Community Theater, and meet local makers and artisans at three weekly farmers markets. At Vail Headquarters, a former cattle ranch turned living history park, cowboy-era buildings and quaint boutiques are waiting to be explored.Unforgettable Outdoor Recreation and EntertainmentYou can’t help but want to spend time outdoors in Temecula Valley. At sunrise, colorful hot-air balloons rise and glide with the valley breezes. From high above the landscape, see rugged mountains, rolling hills, rambling estates and scenic vineyards. If you visit early June, don’t miss the Temecula Valley Balloon and Wine Festival, the largest inCalifornia. Cycling and horseback adventures through vineyard trails keep the adventures flowing. You can catch an equestrian event at Galway Downs, where top-level training, jumping and dressage happen year-round. Golfers can tee off at three public courses with challenging play and beautiful scenery; book a round at Journey at Pechanga. Enjoy fishing, sailing and camping at Lake Skinner, or escape to the hiking trails at Santa Rosa Plateau Ecological Reserve. For some grown-up fun, visit Pechanga Resort Casino for Las Vegas-style entertainment and gaming, luxury rooms and spa services.