Located just 20 minutes east of downtown Phoenix, Tempe is home to Arizona State University (ASU), one of the largest public universities in the USA. The sprawling campus is abuzz with activity, but Tempe is more than a college town. Visitors love Tempe’s shopping options, outdoor recreation, natural desert beauty and proximity to other Arizona destinations such as Sedona and Flagstaff. Wondering about the heat? Spring is an absolutely flawless season, with brilliant blue skies, blooming desert wildflowers, warm days and cool nights. However, summer’s heat brings major hotel deals – and gives you a good excuse to lounge by the pool by day and enjoy downtown at night.

Outdoor PlayFor nature lovers and active explorers,Tempeis a welcome surprise. Hike the scenic desert trails atPapago Park, particularly the popular Hole-in-the-Rock Trail where you can capture a great shot of the city through a hole in a sandstone butte. The park also includes thePhoenix Zoo,Desert Botanical Garden, Hall of Flame Fire Museum andAZ Heritage Center at Papago Park. More than 80 kilometers of hiking, biking and horseback riding trails await at South Mountain Park and Preserve. Enjoy sunshine and water views by kayaking or paddleboarding onTempe Town Lake, or take a stroll along the pathways around the lake. Sports fans, don’t miss Major League Baseball’s Cactus League spring training games in March.Sun-soaked Shopping and DiningFrom bargains to boutiques,Tempe’s shopping varietyis sure to satisfy. Take advantage of amazing discounts – and air-conditioned, enclosed shopping – atArizona Mills, boasting 175 stores, an IMAX movie theater,LEGOLAND®Discovery Center, theSEA LIFE Arizona Aquariumand a variety of dining options. AtTempe Marketplace, look for brand name favorites, entertainment and loads of dining options from Greek to Japanese, plus live music every Friday and Saturday night.Downtown Tempeis a vibrant and funky district that takes you from day to night. Find a vintage edition at Old Town Books, get a temporary tattoo at the Henna Shoppe, stock up on trendy outfits at Pitaya and pick up ASU gear at Cactus Sports. By night, downtown hums with live music, dancing and drinks.City of ArtsThe youthful vibe ofASUis enriched by its cultural offerings. Catch a production atASU Gammage, a performance hall designed by Frank Lloyd Wright and featuring top-rated Broadway shows. Stop by theASU Art Museumto view their unique collection and rotating exhibits of contemporary art. TheTempe Center for the Artspresents performing arts in an architecturally stunning building. Stroll the sprawling campus and admire beautiful works including “Skyspace: Air Apparent,” “Fountain Cast in Stone” and “Blue Vase.” You’ll notice public art all around the city – there are more than 70 permanent and temporary works. Admission to theTempe History Museumis free; take a look inside to learn about local history through a variety of prehistoric and modern artifacts.