About eight kilometers southwest of its neighborSaipan, the tiny island of Tinian is a place where visitors will find pristine and secluded beaches, World War II landmarks and world-class scuba diving. A must-see for a real beach bum, dive fanatic or history buff, Tinian is perfect for spending a night or two. At just 19 kilometers long and nearly five kilometers wide, most of the sights on this lovely little island can be seen in a few hours.

The Manhattan ConnectionIn World War II, when much of the island was used as an air base by the U.S. Navy, the local streets were laid out and named after those in New York City. You can still drive on Broadway, 42nd Street, Lenox Avenue, Riverside Drive and Eighth Avenue, even though you’re 13,000 kilometers away. The abandoned runways can be seen in North Field, where plaques mark the pits where the Enola Gay and Bockscar planes were loaded with atomic bombs before heading off to Hiroshima and Nagasaki.Monuments and ArtifactsThe prehistoric Taga stones are relics of the ancient palace built by the Chamorro Chief Taga over 3,000 years ago. In the first half of the 1900s, Tinian was an agricultural producer for a Japanese sugar and rum company, and evidence of Japanese habitation is visible in the Shinto shrines, cannons and ruins dotted around the island’s jungles and caves. The most spectacular natural monument is the Blowhole, where columns of water shoot 10 meters in the air.Recreation on Land and WaterScuba diving is the primary reason visitors come to Tinian – numerous reefs, wrecks and caves lie under the waters surrounding the island. Favorite spots include Dump Cove, where you’ll see planes, tanks, ammunition and Jeeps from World War II, and Tinian Grotto, the most popular cavern dive. Spear fisherman will like Unai Dankulo, which means “Long Beach,” on the eastern shore, while cliff fishing can be done from oceanside cliffs. If you’d prefer to just lie on the beach and do a bit of snorkeling, spend some time at Taga Beach, Tachogna Beach or Chulu Beach. Stroll by the harbor during a visit to San Jose, the island's largest village.