Located between big-city Portland and the Oregon Coast, Tualatin Valley is the perfect destination for travelers who want to be close to the excitement and beaches, but far enough away to be immersed in Oregon’s idyllic beauty. There are 60 hotels here, making it easy to explore all of the wineries, farmers markets, hiking trails, zip lines and other treasures. Plan your visit around unique local events, from wine tastings to agritourism outings and beyond.

The Great Outdoors, Just Outside TownIn a matter of minutes, you can go from driving the busy streets ofdowntown Portlandto roaming parks, trails and outdoor activities in Tualatin Valley. The 33-kilometer Banks-Vernonia State Trail runs along abandoned railroad tracks that once powered Oregon’s lumber industry and provides hikers and bikers with both a sense of this state’s history and a slice of its natural beauty. Just down the road, Chehalem Ridge Nature Park beckons with 16 kilometers of paved trails offering incredible views of the Coast Range and opportunities for wildlife spotting. Those looking for a more heart-thumping adventure can soar over a canyon and massive trees with Pumpkin Ridge Zip Tours, or try one of several escapades at Tree to Tree Adventure Park including traditional zip lining, zip lining races, and “monkey climbs” up 12-meter trees.Time for WineNothing pairs quite as well with relaxation and peaceful scenery as a bottle of fine wine. Luckily, there are 30 amazingwineriesscattered around the area. One of the more popular is the internationally renowned Ponzi Vineyards, where you can choose from several touring and tasting options in a sleek, modern winery set in the gorgeous Chehalem Mountains. If saké is more your thing, check out SakéOne, Oregon's only sake brewery. The Forest Grove-based brewery offers Junmai Ginjo sake (made of rice, water, yeast and koji – and no additives).Fresh from the FarmExplore the Tualatin Valley’s rich agricultural heritage and character through art, markets and other attractions throughout the area. The Quilt Barn Trail includes a series of 58 painted wooden quilt panels that tell a story about local farms and agricultural businesses. Some ofOregon’s best fresh local produce, artisan food products and alcoholic beverages can be found at the Beaverton Farmers Market, which also offers live entertainment. Take a more hands-on approach at one of many area farms, where visitors can pick blueberries, strawberries, raspberries, blackberries and more.