Tulsa, the second-largest city in Oklahoma, is both cosmopolitan and all-American in its appeal. It’s a place of contrasts along the Arkansas River, where Art Deco architecture sits alongside steel skyscrapers, and rural Route 66 Americana meets state-of-the-art entertainment. Dominated by the energy industry, Tulsa’s 400,000 residents work hard by day, but let their hair down in the evening at numerous cultural and recreational facilities.

Fun in Vibrant NeighborhoodsVisitors get the most bang for their buck in the city’s half-dozen entertainment districts, where most of the dining, shopping, festivals, and arts experiences are located. Anchored by the 1920s-era Blue Dome gas station, the Blue Dome district on historic Route 66 offers stylish restaurants and food truck festivals. The upscale Brookside District is home to a fantastic farmer’s market, and the Brady Arts District features the historic Brady Theater and Cain's Ballroom and art galleries. The Cherry Street District is the place to go for antique shopping and top local restaurants, while the downtown Deco District is home to cute pop-up shops and the Tulsa Children’s Museum.Touring the LandmarksAdmire the facades of the early 20th-century Philcade Building downtown, then head to the 1920s Philbrook Museum of Art. It’s got not only a world-class permanent collection, but also beautiful Italianate gardens. For a dose of Western and Native American art, stop at the Gilcrease Museum. The quirky side of Tulsa is apparent at monuments like the Golden Driller and the Center of the Universe, an acoustical oddity. If you’ve got kids, consider the Tulsa Zoo, the Cave House, the Oklahoma Aquarium or the Tulsa Air and Space Museum. Culture vultures can take in a performance by the Tulsa Ballet or the Tulsa Symphony Orchestra, while the massive new BOK Center offers everything from rock concerts to the Ice Capades.A Breath of Fresh AirUrban parks are abundant in Tulsa. Woodward Park is home to a picturesque botanical garden and arboretum, while at the 120-hectare Turkey Mountain Park you can find everything from horseback riding to challenging mountain bike trails. When the weather is nice, visitors love to head out to Tulsa River Parks, a 41-kilometer-long network of biking and walking trails along the Arkansas River which also features a fishing pier, a skate park and a splash park for kids.