Dive into culture in Tupelo, Mississippi, a charming woodland city nestled in the Southern USA. Conveniently located between the metropolises of Memphis, Tennessee, and Birmingham, Alabama, this vibrant community offers educational tours of historical landmarks, lush scenery and a full slate of exciting events. Perfect for visitors looking for off-the-beaten-path gems, Tupelo is a must-see for music lovers, nature enthusiasts and history buffs alike.

Musical TreasuresMississippiis often referred to as “The Birthplace of America’s Music” thanks to its important role in the formation of the Blues and the wealth of musical artists that have called the state home. Among the most world-famous of these Mississippi legends is Elvis Presley, who was born in Tupelo in 1935. Today, tour the childhood home of “The King of Rock n’ Roll” and snap a photo with a life-sized statue of him at theElvis PresleyBirthplace & Museum. Take a leisurely drive along the 14-stop Elvis’ Tupelo Driving Tour to see Elvis’ childhood school and favorite restaurants as well as the hardware store where his mother bought his very first guitar. To dig deeper into the region’s sounds, head to the historic Shake Rag district, where Black musicians crafted the distinct rhythm and blues and gospel music that inspired Elvis’ sound. The Tupelo Visitors Center offers interactive exhibits paying homage to the area’s rich musical heritage.Scenic Drives through HistoryOften named among the Top 10 Most Visited National Parks, the Natchez Trace Parkway provides a picturesque path right through the heart of Tupelo. Stretching fromNashville, Tennessee, toNatchez, Mississippi, this wandering road offers a journey just as educational as it is beautiful. Notable stops along the way include the Natchez Trace Parkway Visitor Center, where interpretive displays detail 10,000 years of history along the Trace, and plenty of campgrounds for hiking, biking, horseback riding and more.Find more historical journeys along the area’s many heritage trails. For a look at the traditions of the Indigenous Chickasaw Nation, travel the Chickasaw Heritage Trail, which explores the history and lasting influence of North Mississippi's Chickasaw people. Drive along the Civil Rights and African American Heritage Trail to stop at historic and interpretive sites, like the Oren Dunn City Museum, and learn the stories of those who fought for desegregation and racial equality in Tupelo.Relax and UnwindFor a day of play, visit the Tupelo Buffalo Park and Zoo. Wander the spacious grounds and spot over 260 animals, from buffalo to Watusi cattle, on a drive-through safari. Kids can enjoy pony rides and a playground while all ages will love feeding goats, sheep and deer in the petting zoo. Savor a meal at one of Tupelo’s over 200 restaurants, offering everything from upscale dining to blue-plate specials. After a long day of exploring, relax at the Queen’s Reward Meadery. Mississippi's first meadery produces a wide variety of artisan sips, ranging from traditional varieties to fun fruit flavors. Plan to visit during their monthly trivia nights or other special events for some extra fun.