Founded in 1962, Vail, Colorado, is home to world-famous skiing, Bavarian-inspired architecture, neighborhoods and inspiring mountain views. Scenic and welcoming, Vail offers a variety of exciting outdoor recreation activities, festivals and year-round events. Travelers visit Vail year after year to enjoy its eye-popping panoramas, incredible foodie scene and European resort vibes.

Supreme SkiingVail Mountain’s expansive ski resort is famous for good reason – its legendary Back Bowls are uniquely beautiful. The seven bowls include the Sun Down Bowl, Sun Up Bowl, Tea Cup Bowl, China Bowl, Siberia Bowl and Inner and Outer Mongolia Bowls. These runs are more challenging than some found on the front side of the mountain, but experienced skiers will relish the striking views that come with the challenge. After a day spent hitting the slopes, refuel at an après-ski happy hour in town. Whether you’re looking for al fresco dining in the shadow of Vail Mountain or cozy fireside snacking, you’ll find options for every occasion and palate. Be sure to check out theColoradoSnowsports Museum and Hall of Fame to discover the history of Vail and meet skiing and snowboarding icons through interactive exhibits.Year-Round Outdoor ActivitiesBike or walk the Vail Recreation Path that meanders from East Vail to West Vail, enjoying river views most of the way. Two gondolas take summer visitors on a scenic journey to the top ofVail Mountain. Take the Eagle Bahn Gondola from Lionshead Village to visit Eagle’s Nest and take part in thrilling activities at Epic Discovery; Gondola One departs from Vail Village and offers incredible views and al fresco dining at its peak. Hike or bike back down via one of Vail Mountain’s many peaceful trails.Just under 20 kilometers outside of Vail, the scenic Piney River Ranch features water sports, hiking trails, its own restaurant and more. Take the backroads to Piney Lake, open mid-June through the end of September, to experience beautiful alpine lake views worth every winding turn to get there. Journey to Betty Ford Alpine Gardens, the highest botanical gardens in the world, which boasts a unique collection of flowers found only at high elevations. Or try your hand at fishing, whitewater rafting, stand-up paddle boarding or hiking one of the many trails with breathtaking vistas like the Missouri Lake Hike & Shrine Pass, filled with wildflowers and autumnal colors.Explore the Charming TownVail founder Pete Siebert served in the United States Army during World War II, and his fascination with the mountain towns of the European Alps can be seen up and down Vail’s cobblestone streets. Two main areas, Vail Village and Lionshead Village, offer fine dining, seasonal festivities, striking architecture and old-world charm that visitors of all ages will enjoy. Vail History Walking Tours depart on Tuesdays and Thursdays during ski season. See fascinating locations in the town’s history and get to know the colorful cast of characters who participated in Vail’s founding as you chat with experienced tour guides. The Gerald R. Ford Amphitheater, often shortened to just The Amp, is a unique entertainment venue where you can see live shows against the splendid backdrop of theRocky Mountains. History buffs can’t miss a visit to the Camp Hale-Continental Divide National Monument, which pays homage to the soldiers of the U.S. Army’s 10th Mountain Division (including founder Pete Siebert) and explores their pivotal role in bringing World War II to an end.