As soon as you arrive in Vero Beach, you will understand why USA Today named it one of the top beach destinations in 2014. Indian River County is surrounded by the serene blue-green waters of the Atlantic Ocean and Indian River Lagoon. Forget your worries and lose yourself in the quaint charm of this hospitable city. This is a destination where guests can enjoy small-town ambience and world-class amenities without high-rise buildings and traffic to mar the great view. Visitors can relax on kilometers of picturesque beaches or choose water sport activities all within just a few minutes of local resorts.

Enjoy a climate moderated by the warm, tropical waters of the Gulf Stream; the balmy winters combine with the summer’s fresh ocean breezes to keep the average temperature a delicious 23 degrees Celsius. The unique low-rise setting and friendly, unpretentious atmosphere continue to attract national and international attention.Swimming, surfing, boating, deep-sea fishing, scuba diving and sky diving are just a few of the exciting recreational opportunities. In addition, there are tennis courts, golf courses, hiking and biking trails, riverside camping and seaside picnic facilities available for year-round enjoyment. There’s a lot to choose from, including the Atlantic Ocean, in the city's backyard.If culture is part of your holiday plans, you will not be disappointed. The nationally accredited Vero Beach Museum of Art features exhibitions from around the world. If you enjoy professional theater, Riverside Theatre performs 300 shows a year.Eco-tourism activities are nearly endless. Visitors will discover and enjoy a host of ecological venues, including Pelican Island National Wildlife Refuge, established in 1903 by President Teddy Roosevelt as the first federal bird reservation. It was the first time the federal government set aside land for the sake of wildlife. Other eco-venues include Sebastian Inlet State Park, Blue Cypress Lake, McKee Botanical Garden and several popular birding sites throughout the area.Indian River County is also home to Archie Carr National Wildlife Refuge, the largest refuge for loggerhead sea turtle nesting in the world. Nighttime guided tours are available to watch hatchlings make their way into the ocean.Accommodations are as varied as the activities are plenty. Award-winning properties add to the ambience of the city. Disney’s Vero Beach Resort, Vero Beach Hotel & Spa and Costa d’ Este Beach Resort have been named among the Top 40 resorts in Florida by Conde Nast Traveler Readers’ Choice Awards.Indian River County is conveniently located between the Cape Canaveral area and Palm Beach County, just 40 minutes south of Melbourne International Airport, an hour north of Palm Beach International and an hour and half southeast of Orlando International.