The Atlantic Ocean takes center stage in Virginia, where visitors and locals alike stroll and bike along the boardwalk, dine in welcoming restaurants with waterfront views and relax on wide-open beaches. The water and flourishing culinary scene aren't the end of the story, though: Family-friendly attractions, big-name concerts and community festivals keep visitors returning to this entertainment hub year after year. Dive into local art in the eclectic ViBe creative district, shop and dine in Town Center, spot dolphins playing in the Chesapeake Bay and discover everything this colorful coastal destination has to offer. Virginia Beach is less than a half-day's drive from Washington, D.C., making it a fun and convenient basecamp for your USA vacation.

Thrilling Adventures on the WaterWaterfront activities are easy to find in Virginia Beach, located where the Chesapeake Bay meets the Atlantic Ocean. Join a kayaking ecotour to spot Atlantic bottlenosedolphinsor set off on a deep-sea fishing charter to catch your own dinner. Feeling adventurous? Try surfing lessons – or watch experienced surfers compete in the East Coast Surfing Championship. Experience Virginia Beach from unique perspectives as you take to the skies on a single or tandem parasail flight, enjoy an eye-opening excursion on an oyster boat tour and zip across the water on a speedboat. In winter, whale watching cruises provide an unforgettable opportunity to see humpback, minke and fin whales as they migrate through local waters.Exploring Nature and HistoryNature and history are intertwined in Virginia Beach. Many sites offer outings that are just as educational as they are recreational, where you can hike trails through forests and marshes while learning more about the area. Visit military base Fort Story to see the two historic Cape Henry Lighthouses, which were built in 1792 and 1881. Climb to the top of the older lighthouse to see panoramic views of the coastline. Nearby, First Landing State Park offers the opportunity to discover the story of the Jamestown colony's first landing in Virginia in 1607 amid gorgeous lagoons, large cypress trees and forests teeming with wildlife. See First Landing Cross, a monument marking the Pilgrims’ arrival in the Americas. To truly immerse yourself in nature, head over to False Cape State Park, where pristine beaches, wetlands and towering dunes stretch from the Atlantic to the Back Bay. Kayak the quiet waters of Back Bay National Wildlife Refuge, home to dolphins, otters and other wildlife.Experience the Culinary SceneTake a foodie tour for an introduction to Virginia Beach's coastal cuisine, and get immersed in everything from hip restaurants to artisan beverages. On the Coastal Harvest Feast, Farm to Table and Craft Beer Tours, you'll enjoy farm-fresh produce, craft brewpubs and locally harvested seafood like oysters, blue crab, clams and flounder. Dine outside at a variety of local restaurants, from romantic bistros to family-friendly spots. On a warm day, cool off like the locals with an Orange Crush – a deliciousVirginiaconcoction of vodka, orange liqueur, lemon-lime soda and freshly squeezed orange juice.