Known as the gateway to Sequoia & Kings Canyon National Parks, Visalia’s vibrant Main Street and plentiful outdoor opportunities make it a gem in its own right. Whether you’re an outdoor enthusiast, foodie or family looking for adventure, Visalia has something for everyone to write home about. Plus, it’s conveniently located in the center of California in the San Joaquin Valley, about a three-hour drive from Los Angeles, San Francisco and Sacramento.

Americana at its BestLooking for that authentic, movie-like, classic American town? You’ll find it in Visalia! Stroll pedestrian-friendly Main Street for great shopping and dining, catch a Visalia Rawhide baseball game at Valley Strong Stadium, or mingle with the locals during one of many downtown events. For a closer look at the city’s wealth of Art Deco architecture, check out The Darling Hotel. Lovingly renovated to its 1930s glory and named among TripAdvisor’s Hottest New Hotels in the World, this boutique hotel is a must-see beauty, whether you stay here or dine on the rooftop at Elderwood. History buffs will enjoy the self-guided “Visalia Then and Now” downtown walking tour. Relive the days when horses roamed the streets and discover landmarks such as the old town jailhouse and the beautifully restored Visalia Fox Theatre.Outdoor PlaygroundIn addition to the national parks just a drive away, Visalia boasts hundreds of kilometers of hiking and biking trails, as well as water recreation on Lake Kaweah. The Sequoia Riverlands Trust Preserve connects nature lovers with six unique protected lands where you can go for a hike and even volunteer for the trail stewardship program. Downtown, marvel at the 20-meter-tall sequoia tree, planted as a sapling in 1936, or the many Valley Oaks. These stunning trees are proudly preserved and protected, ensuring Visalia has the most Valley Oak trees inCalifornia's San Joaquin Valley. Natural beauty abounds on the Orchard and Blossom Trail, a self-guided drive showcasing blossoms from orange groves, fruit orchards and nut trees exploding into color every spring starting in late February.Fresh Foods, Craft BeerLocated in one of the most fertile agricultural regions in the world, Visalia has a farm-to-table ethos that’s evident in its restaurants, breweries, U-pick farms and events like the Taco Truck Challenge, Visalia Craft Beer Festival and Taste of Downtown Food Festival. Meander through Main Street’s Brewery District in search of a great meal and your new favorite beer. Try Brewbakers Brewery, located on the site of Visalia’s first beer gardens dating to the early 1900s. Take a farm tour or pick seasonal fruits such as oranges, nectarines, plums or blueberries at one of many local farms. A feast for the eyes and palate, the outdoor Visalia Farmers Market is open every Saturday morning downtown.Fun for All AgesTraveling with family? The ImagineU Children's Museum hosts inventive hands-on activities and exhibits like the U-Fix-It Garage, Science Lab and The Oak Tree Clubhouse. At Visalia Adventure Park, kids can play arcade games, hit balls in the batting cage, race go-karts, solve the laser maze and more. In summer, enjoy Sequoia Springs water park’s outdoor slides and water-play features. For a laid-back day, explore Mooney Grove Park, where you can picnic, play disc golf or paddle in the lagoon, all under a canopy of Valley Oak trees. Within the park, the Tulare County Museum features exhibits about the Wukchumni indigenous peoples who first inhabited the area, including one of the largest Native American basket collections on display in California.