Many travelers seek out Watkins Glen as a place to get immersed in nature, where dramatic waterfalls cascade over jagged rock formations and scenic parks offer endless outdoor recreation opportunities. Beyond natural treasures, you’ll find a world of excitement and delicious surprises in this unique upstate New York community. Tour delightful wineries and breweries, sample artisan goods at local farms and rev up your adrenaline with motorsports thrills at racetrack Watkins Glen International. Special events throughout the year keep things lively, and a wide variety of lodging offers unique spaces and expansive views of Seneca Lake, the deepest of New York’s 11 Finger Lakes.

Scenic Landscapes GaloreThe spectacular beauty of nature around Watkins Glen awaits, ready to be explored and savored – and photographed, of course! At Watkins Glen State Park, hike to your heart’s content, then pitch a tent and camp out under the stars. Find more natural charm inFinger LakesNational Forest, the only national forest inNew YorkState. Embark on fun experiences, like snowmobiling and horseback riding, and pack your binoculars to enjoy extensivewildlife viewing.Watkins Glen’s stunning waterfalls are perhaps the jewel of the region. Venture just outside town to marvel at Shequaga Falls, an impressive 48-meter waterfall. Havana Glen Park, part of the Points of Inspiration Scenic Views Trail, is home to the spectacular Eagle Cliff Falls and makes a great backdrop for spotting some of the more than 100 bird species in the area.Seasonal Delights and Local ColorNo matter when you visit, you’ll find a wealth of distinct experiences to explore. Visit in autumn to experience vibrant fall colors, take part in grape harvests and enjoy mild temperatures. When Winter arrives, area parks transform into incredible landscapes for snowshoeing and cross-country skiing excursions. In spring and summer, The Farm Sanctuary near Watkins Glen opens its grounds for guided tours and meet-and-greets with rescued farm animals.The iconic Seneca Lake Pier House is a great place to catch a boat tour of Seneca Lake and take in beautiful views. For shopping and dining with local flair, downtown Watkins Glen is chock full of quaint historic buildings that have been converted into chic boutiques and eateries brimming with character. The checkerboard-patterned crosswalks pay homage to the town’s rich history of road racing; car enthusiasts can feel the rush at motorsports haven Watkins Glen International. The annual Go Bowling at the Glen NASCAR race draws huge crowds, but exciting competitions and events take place all year.Unwind with Craft LibationsAll that natural bounty isn’t just beautiful – the distinct landscapes of the Finger Lakes produce high-qualitywines. Sip and sample at 35 artisan wineries and vineyards along the Seneca Lake Wine Trail, several of which are headquartered right in Watkins Glen. The Seneca Lake American Viticultural Area is best known for off-sweet whites like Rieslings and Gewurztraminers, but you’ll find plenty of variety in the tasting rooms of Lakewood Vineyards, Castel Grisch Winery and more.Ifbeer and spiritsare more your thing, local breweries and distilleries serve up a variety of craft beverages in a multitude of captivating settings. Local favorites like Rooster Fish Brewing make a great jumping off point for exploring the Finger Lakes Beer Trail, which boasts about 75 artisan beverage producers throughout the region. Stop in and savor great food and live music along with a frosty house-made brew.