If you’re an outdoor adventurer craving an unhurried pace, you’ll find it in West Yellowstone. At the doorstep of Yellowstone National Park’s western entrance, West Yellowstone, Montana, boasts four seasons of outdoor adventure and irresistible natural beauty. Winter is the defining season here, where 400-plus average annual centimeters of snowfall brings on any snow sport you can imagine. Wildflowers, waterfalls and newborn wildlife emerge in spring, and idyllic summers are made for fishing, camping, biking, hiking and night-sky viewing. Fall means fewer crowds, stunning foliage and chances to view active wildlife.

Visit Yellowstone National ParkThe oldest national park in the USA is just minutes from town. West Yellowstone is the closest entry point to see Old Faithful, one ofYellowstone’s iconic natural landmarks, and there’s so much more to do. Hike to the steaming natural chimneys at Monument Geyser Basin, see the 26-meter cascade at Gibbon Falls, go for a swim at the Firehole Falls summer swimming hole, and cast a line on the Madison and Firehole Rivers. Depending on the time of year, you might spy elk, bison or bald eagles. Note that road access changes throughout the year due to weather conditions; visit the park’s website to view current conditions.Outdoors and Western ExperiencesMontanais quintessential cowboy country. Join an authentic chuckwagon dinner at a dude ranch, complete with campfire cooking, cowboy poetry and storytelling under the stars. June through August, watch daredevil cowboys climb on bucking horses and bulls at the Wild West Yellowstone Rodeo. West Yellowstone’s outdoor experiences abound including hunting, fishing and boating around Hegben Lake, and horseback riding in the mountains. In 1959, a massive earthquake rocked the region, causing a landslide that dammed the Madison River and created Earthquake Lake. See fascinating photos and informative displays at Earthquake Lake & Visitor Center, then go out boating and fishing on “Quake Lake.”Can’t-miss Local ExperiencesHoused in a historic train depot, the Yellowstone Historic Center documents the history of travel to and within the national park through a collection of antique vehicles, from stage coaches to snow plows. The Grizzly & Wolf Discovery Center gives you the rare opportunity to safely view grizzly bears and three packs of wolves (bonus: the bears don’t hibernate, so they’re visible year round). Book a day of high-altitude, high-speed fun on ropes courses and zip lines at Yellowstone Aerial Adventures. It’s the perfect activity for thrill-seekers and families traveling with older kids. For a break from the outdoors, catch a Hollywood hit or the breathtaking nature documentary, “Yellowstone,” on the aptly named Yellowstone Giant Screen theater at a whopping six stories tall.