Set on the Ohio River in the foothills of the Appalachian Mountains, Wheeling is a historic place: It’s West Virginia’s first state capital, the place where the state became a state, home to battle sites and burial mounds ... the list is lengthy. Residents here take pride in that history, restoring and repurposing buildings and maintaining a sense of tradition even as they look to the future. Once an industrial epicenter, Wheeling is responsible for giving the USA many of its most useful products, from cut nails to overalls. Explore that history at museums, marketplaces, bed-and-breakfast inns and landmark sites.

A Step Back in HistoryLook to the Wheeling Suspension Bridge, built in 1849, to transport you back to the city’s past. This National Heritage Area includes West Virginia Independence Hall, where you can take a self-guided tour. Visit the Museums of Oglebay Institute to learn about American decorative arts and Wheeling’s past. Tour Victorian Old Town’s Eckhart House, which offers a traditional tea service. At Grave Creek Mound, see one of the largest Adena burial mounds. While there, step inside the Delf Norona Museum and learn about the historian who created it.Entertaining PursuitsEverything old is new again in Wheeling, including the Capitol Theatre, a restored building that hosts the Wheeling Symphony, Broadway shows, concerts and other performances. Towngate Theatre & Cinema doubles as a venue for both plays and films. In the Centre Market district, you’ll find art galleries, shops, antiques and restaurants. The Highlands open-air shopping area features 50 stores and plenty of entertainment. At Good Zoo, head straight for the Outback Exhibit to watch the kangaroos hop around, then stay to feed the parrots.Outdoor Fun with Spectacular ViewsGrand Vue Park’s 2,300 meters of dual zipline, low elements course and biking trails will keep you busy all day. At Oglebay Resort’s Schrader Environmental Center, enjoy hands-on exhibits, visit the wildflower and butterfly gardens, and walk the trail system. For more outdoor fun, head to historic Wheeling Park, where, depending on the season, you can ice skate, swim in the pool, start up a game of tennis or play mini-golf. If you want to explore Wheeling’s rivers, streams and parks on your own, bike or hike the Heritage Trail System’s 22 kilometers of repurposed railroad beds.