Nature lovers, art enthusiasts and history buffs alike will find plenty to love in York. This affordable destination, nestled between the metropolitan areas of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; New York City, New York; Baltimore, Maryland and Washington, D.C. offers a full slate of attractions both exciting and educational. Delightful local restaurants and vibrant live entertainment fuel your curiosity as you adventure through York and its surrounding communities. Spring through fall bring outdoor activities like kayaking and biking, while winter ushers in snowier excursions and the festive spirit of the holidays.

Cultural ActivitiesHome to many historic theatres, York is a place where cultural activities are at the forefront. The Appell Center for the Performing Arts is a work of art in and of itself, with beautiful historic architecture and year-round entertainment ranging from standup comedy to musical theatre and ballet. At the Eichelberger Performing Arts Center in nearby Hanover, grab a seat in a beautiful historic venue that is more than 100 years old.History and HeritageStep back in time and encounter U.S. history in York’s many intriguing places. Take a tour of the York County History Center: this fascinating educational complex encompasses multiple historic landmarks and museums, including the Historical Society Museum and Library, housed in a beautiful historic building, as well as the two-story Agricultural & Industrial Museum. Other seasonally operating curiosities include the Colonial Complex, where guided tours tell the story of York’s role in the American Revolutionary War, and the Fire Museum. At the Susquehanna National Heritage Area, step into the Zimmerman Center for Heritage and explore a restored riverfront home dating back to the mid-1700s. Susquehanna River Discovery Tours round out the experience, offering an up-close look at the area’s natural beauty.Outdoor Adventure and ExcitementSeemingly endless outdoor activities allow you to savor the beauty of nature and get some exercise in York County. At the 35-hectare Samuel S. Lewis State Park, enjoy a picnic with expansive views of scenic Mount Pisgah, view native wildlife and go sledding. Hike, bike or go horseback riding through the Heritage Rail Trail County Park, whose expansive trails traverse tunnels and bridges along rail line President Abraham Lincoln traveled as he delivered theGettysburgAddress. If you’d prefer to explore York County’s scenic spots by rail, Northern Central Railway of York allows you to take in the sights from the comfort of a replica 1860s-era steam train.Gathering Places and Plentiful ShoppingWhat trip would be complete without souvenir shopping and delectable dining? York Central Market, housed in a century-old building, sells a variety of goods from local businesses and artisans on select days. Grab a freshy baked pastry and browse over 50 vendor stalls. Savor colorful, larger than life murals by area artists at Royal Square District Mural Park. Nearby, historic Downtown York has been a quaint hub of activity since the 1700s; art galleries, shops and restaurants provide a comfortable place to relax.